Welcome everyone to Xinkong Financial Holding Company's 2022 Second Quarter Earnings Conference
Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise. After the presentation,
there will be a question and answer session. Please follow the instructions given at that
time if you would like to ask the question. For your information, this conference call
is now being broadcast live over the Internet. Webcast replay will be available within an
hour after the conference has finished. Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations
section. And now, I would like to introduce Mr. Stan Lee, the Senior Vice President of
Xinkong Financial Holding Company. Mr. Lee, please begin.
Thank you, Moderator. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome again for joining the
Xinkong Financial Holding 2022 Second Quarter Analyst Conference. Before we start, I would
like to introduce my colleagues who are with me today. Here in the meeting room are Han
Wei-Lin, Chief Actuary of Xinkong Life, Yifeng Liu, Head of the Investment Team of Xinkong
Life, Isabella and Christine, members of the IR team. The presentation we are about to
go through was sent out two hours ago. You may also download it from our website or participate
through the webcast. If you do not have the presentation, please let us know now. Your
lines will be muted when we are presenting. If you are called off, please dial back in
or call Christine at 886-968-929-230 for assistance. Now, please turn to page 4.
SKFH recorded consolidated after-tax profit of $2.92 billion for the first half of 2022.
Earnings per share was $0.16. Consolidated shareholders' equity was $204.85 billion.
And book value per share at the end of first half was $12.95. Core business of each subsidiary
remained stable in the second quarter, which will be covered later in the presentation.
Page 10. Boosted by strong sales momentum in foreign currency policies, FYP for the
first half grows 47.1% year-on-year to $32.22 billion, securing a market share of 7%. Xinkong
Life has adopted a product strategy aiming at foreign currency policies and value-focused
products for stable interest rate, better asset-liability matching, and CSM. FYP of
foreign currencies increased 57.5% year-on-year to $26.56 billion, accounting for 82.4% of
total. FYPE reached $9.82 billion, and FYPE over FYP was 30.5%, beating the industry average.
As for cost of liabilities, it decreased two basis points year-to-date to 3.71%.
Page 13 presents the overall view of Xinkong Life's investment portfolio. Annualized investment
return for the first half was 3.44%, due to lower investment income and late market
volatility. Breakdown of investment returns for different asset classes were real estate
0.004%, mortgage and corporate loans 1.8%, policy loans 5.3%, overseas investment 3.8%,
domestic securities 3.5%, and cash 0.4%.
Page 14 shows the portfolio of overseas fixed incomes. At the end of June, overseas fixed
incomes reached $2.2 trillion. In the first half, the funds were mainly deployed in investment-grade
corporate bonds. As a result, corporate bonds accounted for the largest share, representing
almost 49% of the total, followed by international bonds at 26.4%. Government bonds accounted
for 24.4%. Over 90% of the overseas fixed incomes position was deployed in U.S. dollar-denominated
bonds.
You may also have a look at a chart of the overseas fixed incomes portfolio by region
in the upper right corner. North America and Europe accounted for the majority of overseas
fixed incomes, showing a combined share of 62.1%.
Page 16. The pie chart on the left-hand side shows the mix of hedging instruments. At the
end of the first half, hedging ratio was 83%, including CS, NDF, and naturally hedged foreign
currency policies. CS and NDF accounted for 51% and 49% respectively of traditional hedges.
Driven by Taiwan dollar depreciation and effective hedging strategy, annualized hedging gain
for the first half was 0.11%. The balance of foreign currency volatility reserve increased
to $18.4 billion at the end of the first half.
Given the recent increase in the cost of CS, which is now higher than 2.5%, Xinhong's
mid- to long-term hedging cost is targeted below 200 basis points.
I will now hand over to Isabella who will take you through the results of Xinhong Bank
and match the linked securities.
Thank you, Stan. Please turn to page 20.
Xinhong Bank continued to deliver stable results for the first half. The interest income grew
14.2% year-on-year to $6.99 billion on the back of net interest margin expansion and
decent loan growth. Net income increased 2% year-on-year to $1.73 billion. Xinhong Bank
generated a consolidated after-tax profit of $3.18 billion, which was 3.8% higher from
the year earlier.
Page 21, the bank's loan balance grew 2.8% year-to-date to $741 billion. Consumer lending
grew 3.9% year-to-date, representing the largest share of the loan book. Those mortgage and
unsecured consumer loans increased 3% and 6.6% year-to-date, respectively.
For the second half of the year, SME loans and overseas loans will be promoted to enhance
interest rates and related income.
Page 22, driven by rising interest rates, net interest margin expanded 9 basis points
quarter-on-quarter to 1.34% and net interest rate increased 11 basis points quarter-on-quarter
to 1.76%. We expect to see net interest margin and net interest rate improve along with further
rate hikes.
Page 24, wealth management income for the first half increased 1.1% year-on-year to
$1.3 billion, which was boosted by stronger sales momentum in bank insurance products.
The fee income from mutual funds declined 48.9% year-on-year as clients became more
conservative in their investment decisions. With that in mind, Shinkong Bank will focus
on bank insurance products in the second half to increase wealth management income.
Page 25, asset quality remained solid with NPO ratio at 0.13% and coverage ratio at 989.86%.
Both ratios were better than the industry average.
Page 27, Masterlink Securities generated a brokerage income of $2.64 billion for the
first half, which was down by 23% year-on-year due to lower daily turnover in the stock market.
Its prop trading business suffered another weak quarter due to market fluctuations.
Consolidated after tax loss was $340 million for the first half.
This is the end of our result presentation. Moderator, please start the Q&A session.
Yes, thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin our question and answer session.
If you wish to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad and you will enter
the queue. After you are announced, please ask your question. If you wish to cancel your
question, you may press 02. Thank you. Now, please press 01 to ask the question. Thank you.
We are now in question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question, please
press 01 on your telephone keypad. Thank you.
Our first question is coming from Frank Fung of Gaiwa Capital Market. Go ahead, please.
All right. Thank you for taking my question. I have two questions regarding your life insurance
operations. The first one I know is kind of early now, but as for the second quarter,
we see that the unrealized gains in the financial instruments, is that going to affect next
year's dividend policy? And for the second year, I just want to check up on a number.
Is that the asset and ability duration of the life insurance? These are the two questions.
Thank you. Thank you, Frank. These are very good questions.
However, well, as you said, it's a bit early to give you a firm answer. Well, I think it's
clearly that quite challenging for every insurance players for the first half, particularly when
we see the rate has been hiked and long-term non-dated bonds. Also, yield has been increased
significantly. Well, you can definitely see that Xingkong's fluctuations in terms of the
net worth or the net worth to asset ratios, which is also very important for the life
insurance. So they're subsidiary. Our frustration is relatively controllable. Having said that,
it's still quite a big challenge for us. I'm not going to say we can remain the same
dividend policies for sure. But again, we are also not sure whether the whole situation
could be changed in the following few months. So now things are both possible. We are going
to strive, work on the best to maintain net worth at a relatively stable level. And also,
I believe that life insurance, also the banks, their investment teams is going to be very
diligently managing the position. The second question is on assets and liabilities.
I'll let the chief actuary answer the question. Yes. Liability duration is about 12 years.
Duration of the bonds is about 12.5. As for the total assets, because including other
assets, that's a little bit more interest sensitive. The effective duration of the total
assets is about 8 to 12 for the last 5 years. Okay. That's very quick. Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you, Frank.
Thank you. If you would like to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad.
Thank you. We're now in question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question,
please press 01 on your telephone keypad. Thank you.
Moderator, it seems that there's no further question. We also have a very comprehensive
discussion in the Chinese session. So if you would like to listen to the replay, please
do so. If you have any new further questions, let us know. Our team will be very happy to
answer any questions you may have in the future. Moderator, let's close the meeting now.
Sure. Thank you, Mr. Li. Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation in Xinkong
Financial Holding Company's conference call. There will be a webcast replay within an hour.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations section. Should you have further
questions, please don't hesitate to contact the IR team of SKFH by phone or by email.
You may now disconnect. Goodbye.
