Welcome everyone to Xinkong Financial Holdings Company's 2016 4th Quarter Earnings Conference Call.
All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise.
After the presentation, there will be a question and answer session.
Please follow the instructions given at that time if you would like to ask a question.
And for your information, this conference call is now being broadcasted live over the Internet.
Webcast replay will be available within an hour after the conference is finished.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations section.
Now I would like to introduce Mr. Stan Lee, Senior Vice President of Xinkong Financial Holdings Company.
And Mr. Lee, you may begin.
Thank you, Jason.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome again for joining the Xinkong Financial Holdings 2016 4th Quarter Analyst Call.
Before we start, I would like to introduce my colleagues who are with me today.
We are happy to have Vice Chairman Victor Hsu of the Financial Holdings Company to review the 4th Quarter results with us.
Also in the room are Stanley Hsu, Executive Senior Vice President.
Han Wei Lin, the appointed actuary of Xinkong Live.
Isabella and Zeke, members of the IR team.
The presentation we are about to go through was sent out two hours ago.
You may also download it from our website or participate through this webcast.
If you do not have the presentation, please let us know now.
Your lines will be muted when we are presenting.
If you are called off, please dial back in or call Zeke at 886-975-731-274 for assistance.
If there are no questions, we will start by asking Vice Chairman Victor Hsu to give us a group level update for the 4th Quarter 2016.
Vice Chairman Hsu.
Thank you, Stan.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
Please turn to page 4.
Xinkong Financial Holdings recorded a consolidated after-tax profit of 5.1 billion NT for 2016.
And the profit attributable to Xinkong Financial Holdings was 4.81 billion NT.
EPS was 0.48 NT.
Net worth continued to rise at the financial holding level.
Book value per share as of the end of December was 12.11 NT, 0.37 NT higher than September.
Core business of each subsidiary has remained solid during the past year.
For Xinkong Lines, FYP reached 114.89 billion NT, 46.9% higher year-on-year.
Driving VNB growth, cost of liability was 4.37%, 14 bps lower than 2015, beating the 4-year target of 10 bps.
Interest income grew 12.5% year-on-year to 70.23 billion NT, boosted by location to overseas fixed income.
Recurring yield before hedging increased to 3.9%.
For Xinkong Bank, net interest income and net fee income for 2016 grew 3.1% and 3.7% year-on-year, respectively.
Consolidated after-tax profit was 4.63 billion NT.
On asset quality front, NPL ratio remained the same as the previous quarter at 0.26% and coverage ratio was 492.04%.
At the end of 2016, capital adequacy ratio of the group and subsidiaries were all well above regulatory requirements.
Group CAR was 124.4%, RBC of Xinkong Life was 279.3% and BIS of Xinkong Bank 12.7%.
I will now hand it back to Stan who will take you through the results of the financial holding company and Xinkong Life.
Thank you, Vice Chairman Xu.
Please turn to page 6.
SKFH posted an after-tax profit of 4.81 billion for 2016.
At its subsidiary level, Xinkong Life returned to the back with accumulated after-tax profit of 130 million.
And Xinkong Bank's after-tax profit came to 4.63 billion.
Page 10.
Driven by strong demand for interest-sensitive whole life products, FYPE surged 46.9% year-on-year to 114.89 billion, achieving a market share of 9%.
FYPE grew even more substantially to 53.72 billion of 80.4% year-on-year, driving up BNB.
As for cost of liabilities, they declined steadily over the past few quarters and reached 4.37%, which was 14 business points lower than 2015.
Going forward, Xinkong Life will actively promote foreign currency policies, production products, support sales momentum, and accumulate BNB.
Page 13 presents an overall view of Xinkong Life's investment portfolio.
Although sharp fluctuations in foreign exchange rates drove hedging costs higher to 0.87%, investment returns for 2016 was 3.8% of 12 dips year-on-year.
Breakdown of investment returns for different asset classes work.
Real estate, 3.2%. Mortgage and corporate loans, 2.1%. Policy loans, 5.8%. Overseas investments, 4.7%. Domestic securities, 1.9%. And cash, 0.4%.
Page 14 shows the portfolio of overseas fixed incomes. At the end of 2016, corporate bonds accounted for the largest share, representing 50% of the total, followed by international bonds at 26.1%.
Government bonds became an investment focus during the year and grew from 12.7% in 2015 to 20.3% in 2016. Increasing fixed income allocations drove interest income higher.
We have also noticed that the new money yield for the fourth quarter was 50 basis points higher than that for the third quarter. With the upward trend in long-term interest rates, Xinkong Life will continue to invest in emerging markets, U.S. dollar government bonds, and overseas corporate bonds to enhance recurring income.
Page 16. Hedging costs for 2016 was 0.87% due to sharp fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. Hedging ratio increased to 86.7%, including CS, NDF, and naturally hedged 4X policy position.
The mid-to-long-term target of hedging ratio ranges from 70% to 95% under stringent risk management. Currency swap and NDF accounted for 64% and 36%, respectively, of traditional hedges.
Looking into 2017, Xinkong Life will focus on foreign currency policies to control hedging costs and accumulate VNB. Total FYP is targeted at over $100 billion, and cost of liabilities is expected to decline at least 10 basis points.
Also, AgentPlus project was initiated in 2016 and will be carried out by the end of March through our branches in Taiwan. Mobile apps are widely used to elevate agents' productivity.
On service efficiency side, Xinkong Life will introduce digital services to policyholders and upgrade self-service platform to strengthen customer stickiness and satisfaction. In order to enhance recurring income, cash will be deployed in fixed incomes and high dividend yield stocks classified as FVOCI.
Moreover, there are 12 domestic construction projects to be completed within 4 years and will generate a total income of $600 million per year after completion.
As the previous year, Xinkong Life has obtained approval from competent authorities for recovering property special reserves of $7 billion to boost VNB and shareholder's equity. I will now hand over to Isabella who will take you through the results of Xinkong Bank.
Thank you, Stan. Please turn to page 20.
Page 23.
And we have seen an increase of $7.52 billion in overseas syndicated loans for 2016. Going forward, Xinkong Bank will promote corporate and consumer loans to increase profitability and asset size. The bank will also actively participate in overseas syndicated loans to maintain a stable interest rate and increase overseas profit.
Page 24.
Thanks to enhancement in fund utilization, net interest margin rose 5 basis points quarter-on-quarter to 1.55% in fourth quarter and the 4-year net interest margin was 1.5%. The 4-year net interest spread also went up 4 basis points in a year to 1.97%.
Looking ahead, Xinkong Bank will pay attention to both funding costs and fund utilization to keep interest rates stable.
Page 26.
Wealth management income for 2016 was $1.98 billion, up 16.5% down year. The increase mainly came from growth in bank insurance fee income, which accounted for about 69% of the total wealth management income.
In 2017, investment products will be further promoted as a dedicated team has been set up to publish advisory search reports for sales of mutual funds. Plus, Xinkong Bank will develop both consumer and corporate clients to maintain a double-digit growth in wealth management business.
Page 27.
New NPO generated in the fourth quarter was $187 million, which was $664 million less than the previous quarter. Asset quality remains stable with NPO ratio at 0.26% and coverage ratio at 492.04%.
In 2017, Xinkong Bank is dedicated to upgrading its risk management platform. KYP, KYC, and LLM will be reinforced to better control defaults and market risks. Meanwhile, the bank looks to innovate its digital finance services to boost online trades and achieve a double-digit growth in accounts.
That pretty much wraps up our results presentation.
Moderator, please start the Q&A session.
Go ahead, please.
Thank you, Anthony.
We believe that moving out of the range, relatively respecting that more exposures to a relatively mismatch.
We also are very happy that the flexibility to invest this funding into foreign exchange bonds, including the international bonds, is very helpful for us.
However, it does create more exposures to foreign currencies.
Overall, you can see that on the page, the exposures to foreign currencies already make $14,000, $1.4 trillion out of $2.5 trillion.
Even if we only look at fixed incomes, it accounts for about 60%.
We have to somehow increase the hedge ratios because it doesn't really fit our views.
The SAA has a set of PAAs that has to be fine-tuned on a daily basis.
What you have seen here is only a snapshot.
For now, the U.S. government's retrieval rate starts at 0.25%.
We believe that although in the first quarter, anti-doubt is still, even this year, if we manage a little bit more conservatively, we will have a chance to meet the targets of 100%.
Okay, thank you.
Please press 01 on your keypad if you would like to ask a question.
Thank you.
And the next one is from Christina from Asian Investor.
Please ask your question.
Hi, thanks for the presentation.
I have a set of questions for Xinkong Life in terms of investment.
The first one is just a follow-up on the Fed rate.
How would you think that's going to have an impact on your portfolio and investment strategy?
Secondly, in the last quarterly results conference call, you mentioned that you're going to raise EM bonds and credit by a certain amount.
So I'm thinking about how well the EM government bonds have performed after you have started investing,
and how do you see the risks and evaluation of emerging markets government bonds,
and what are the EM government bonds that you think are worth buying,
and how much would you like to increase your allocation in EM government bonds?
Then in terms of corporate bonds, that seems like your investment focus,
but I see the percentage of corporate bonds have decreased in your overall portfolio.
Any reason for that?
And what's your current strategy on corporate bonds?
And then the bond connect between Mainland China and Hong Kong is going to be launched this year.
So I'm wondering how would you think of this scheme?
Would you like to allocate to China onshore bond markets through a bond connect?
If so, would you like to buy?
And if not, why not?
And what's your position in the dim sum bond currently?
And then for the equity market, I see that weighting on equity market is decreasing as well in your portfolio.
What's your view on that furthermore?
I want to hear your comments on the domestic and international, I mean global equity markets.
And lastly, I see that actually the weighting to overseas fixed income has already been 44.1%,
which is nearly 45%, which I believe is the threshold.
So I'm wondering how many more quotes do you have to invest in overseas fixed income,
and what's your overall fixed income strategy in the coming month or so, quarter or so?
Thank you.
Thank you, Christina.
That's some great questions.
If I missed anyone, please remind me.
For Fed rates, we do believe, and before even we are sure that Fed starts the rate hike cycles,
we believe that rate hike is coming.
And we do believe at least three times a hike will happen this year.
What will happen to us is not really at the angle of trading.
Most of our book has been classified as either, I'm referring to fixed incomes,
are either holding maturity or no active market.
So from our point of view, the higher the rate is, the better we can invest
or reinvest our money into the market for higher yield.
We presented that at about 50 business point rates, and the yield,
the market prevailing yield available for our portfolios,
if we compare the yield we can get in the fourth quarter last year
compared to the third quarter last year, it's very encouraging.
We've been waiting for that for years.
As for market-to-market, I don't have the position to comment on the peers' portfolios,
but for us, the available sale of the fixed income, which has to be market-to-market
and fluctuations will be recorded in the shareholder's equity, is relatively small.
We only have about $80 billion something in there, only about $80 billion something.
And if, let's say that there is a 10 business point rate hike,
and how much do we have to take it out from the market-to-market?
Our direction is about 10 years.
So if we basically take out 1% out of $80 billion, there's still impact.
We're seeing some impact.
But basically, what we can get from the investment,
what we can get as evident of our last year's interest income,
which is $7.5 billion higher than compared to 2015,
the benefit is larger than what we can suffer.
And again, I don't mean to compare our book to the others,
but for us, our book has been built for rate hikes, to welcome the chance of a rate hike.
For the raise in the EM bonds, we are investing in merger market bonds,
mainly because if we keep in large the corporate bond segment,
and that also includes the financial segment, some callable features in there.
Also, the international bond, which gives us the flexibility to invest
even more than our overseas investment settings, which is pretty good.
Create two issues. First, mismatch in the currency.
Second, almost all of the bonds have a call option.
That makes our duration in the assets not very predictable.
I have to admit that.
And therefore, the only way that we can alleviate such an issue
is by investing slightly more in the fixed duration rate, fixed duration bonds.
And most of those EM government bonds provide high enough yield and a fixed duration.
That's the rationale behind.
Not anything related to our trading angle. We don't trade.
Again, we buy and hold mainly.
We trade only a small portion of our portfolio, which mainly is in the virtual sale position.
We trade very, very limitedly, and we have very good discipline.
You see that if we invest in those international bonds, if we invest in those EM government bonds,
we only invest in U.S. dollar denominated ones.
Because I mentioned to you that it already creates mismatch.
We don't want to make it even more complex.
That's our rationale.
The only risk for us is the default risk, not the market fluctuation.
Only the default risk.
So we only invest in higher-grade investment markets.
We think those investment markets may have better resources.
They better be natural resources,
and they better have a strong alliance to the world's strongest economies.
Then we have good confidence that we can invest in such long-dated emerging market bonds.
Your third question is on the corporate bond strategies.
Why did it decline?
Well, it really declined because we enlarged the positions in the EM government bonds and in international bonds.
We don't have many positions that have been sold.
We didn't choose to sell a lot of those.
Some of the color bonds, as I mentioned, have been called back.
That's a fact in 2016, which is not controllable by us.
And that is also why we welcome the adoption of the new regulations,
asking the insurance companies to buy into international bonds that only have a call date longer than five years.
That gives us a longer duration, better match to the liabilities.
After all, we merely sell whole-life insurance products, whole-life savings.
We'd rather match it to a long enough assets duration.
That's the main reason.
And also, you mentioned about the bond link between China and Hong Kong,
our Dinshan bond positions.
We don't have a significant exposure to Dinshan.
Now, the overall R&D-related vehicles only has given us a cost of $1 billion.
So I'm not sure whether that compares to the peers as small or larger.
But for us, it has been decreased.
So we have no solid reason now to enlarge the positions again to China.
Of course, we don't have a solid rationale to decrease further.
But about $60 billion is now what can make us comfortable to the market.
We don't think R&Bs will further depreciate very significantly.
And that might be the reason why we decreased the exposures.
But again, I have to say that without high enough yield, without sufficient vehicles or contracts for us to hedge the currencies against R&Bs,
there is no reason for us to rigorously increase the exposures to Dinshan bonds or bond links.
And for this year's equities, last year we have, I think,
capped the overall exposures to equities to $250 billion NT.
The main reason was because there were quite a few events that created uncertainties.
Some uncertainties actually gave us a surprise.
Surprisingly good, such as the U.S. general elections, gave some upside.
We would rather miss a little of the upside than put ourselves into a great risk.
After all, the insurance company is very leveraged.
That shows our discipline.
And again, we would rather invest in fixing times, gain sufficient yield,
match the bulk of the liabilities and assets properly, instead of investing very, very bullishly into the market.
Again, it doesn't mean that we are bearish.
We just have to control the risk.
And this year, we have discussed this in Chinese session,
the domestic cash dividend incomes for Xun Kong is expected to meet the target of $9 billion.
Last year, nearly $6.2 billion, $6.1 billion.
So this year will be significantly higher.
And we believe, including what we can get from the international investment,
overall cash dividend yield for us will be at least about $10 billion NT.
Very helpful for the recurring income.
And again, our focus is on the recurring income instead of trading.
And that's also the reason why, if we talk about the U.S. market, the global market,
we're still mimicking the MSCI world and use largely the ETFs to follow the index.
If the index now looks good, we still take our chance.
But again, those cannot be treated as whole to maturity.
It's just not the same.
It has to be multi-market.
And for NT dollar at once, if we increase significantly in the equity exposure,
it will be to those lower beta and higher cash dividend yield.
And again, our end goal is on the yield.
For the foreign fixed income's overall strategy, if the rates keep going up, we welcome that.
We will also observe whether that will be translated into the longer end of the year, if the yield structure.
If that starts to kick in in the longer end term structures,
we will buy into the market more aggressively for longer data bonds.
What is the point here is that where is our funding from?
If our funding is from the long-term, long-dated, whole-life product,
and we didn't push the market, we didn't push the sales too hard,
and those fundings may remain with Chinkon's book for long enough periods,
then we're not worrying about investment.
And at this point in time, investment should be relatively easy.
In the past few years, or even in the past decade, it was extremely hard.
We don't want difficulties in terms of investing in fixed income.
And again, I have to re-emphasize that.
Our end goal is for the yield instead of for trading.
So we focus on the product sales.
We focus on gaining stability in the funding, and then we invest for simple equities.
Okay, thank you very much.
That's a very comprehensive answering, and Stanley, thank you for that.
Just some quick follow-ups on the comments.
The first one is still on the EM government bond.
Do you have any evidence or any statistics showing how well the EM government bonds have performed
and bringing the good kind of income to you?
And going forward, as Chinkon Life is going to increase allocating to this asset class,
do you think that which market will be offering the attractive offerings to you?
And do you have any plan to allocate how much of money to the EM government bond?
And then for equity, you mentioned that the domestic stocks offer very good dividend income last year.
So how about the overseas, the global space?
Do you also find good dividend rewarding equities there?
And would you like to increase allocations to that as well?
And then I think the last question was a touch about the quota limit.
Any comment on that?
Thanks.
Sure.
Christina, let me answer the quotas first.
We have been investing very, very efficiently.
And at this point of time, the spread is decent.
We don't have to wait.
So for Chinkon, now we have to calculate how much cash we have on hand very carefully.
Instead of such as you can see in the previous quarters that we have too abundant of cash on hand.
Now things are different.
Again, for overseas investments, we have already almost maxed out all of the quota we have
because we have to deploy the money very efficiently.
And still we have flexibility.
We've been investing in the international bond segment.
We still have flexibility.
And the company will keep growing.
And this year we will still target the FYPs at least at $100 billion NT.
And our recurring incomes from the premiums will also be growing at a pace of about 8% to 9%.
So we still have enough money to grow.
And, again, 44% of those new money will be able to be deployed overseas.
We're not really worried about it.
We only have to be very efficient now.
And your very specific questions on the EM markets.
To be very friendly to you, although I've been participating in some of the investment committees
in the companies, we have never disclosed in such details how much we are going to deploy monies
in the following months or quarters.
I can only give you some guidance on the directions.
I think that, I believe that our current portfolio mix is ideal.
About half in the corporate segment, some of those, maybe slightly more than half is in financials.
And another half in the other segments, including international bonds, government bonds,
and slightly less in the AAA risk-free bonds.
Risk-free bonds just don't provide enough yield today.
So we cannot only take risk-free bonds as our core portfolio.
Would that be risky?
If we trade, yes.
The rate is about to be high.
If we don't trade, that only gives us a thinking about how high,
how good is our confidence in those countries, those companies,
for them to be maybe at the default risk in the following 10, 20, 30 years.
That's easy.
If you take a view of 10, 20, 30 years,
no one has a crystal ball to say that this company will definitely not default.
But, again, it's still easier for us to buy into the company, buy into the country,
and only cherry-pick the best.
We only cherry-pick the best.
And, again, if we invest in those emerging markets,
we can get higher yield in the more staying high-risk,
junk-bond-level emerging markets.
We choose not to.
If you look at our history,
when our peers may have tapped into the markets of non-investment-grade bonds,
we choose not to.
So, similarly, in the EM markets, we cherry-pick the best.
If I had to give you a few names,
maybe a few names that have very abundant natural resources,
such as Saudi Arabia recently raised funds in Taiwan,
maybe Indonesia, maybe Mexico, and some others.
Again, we have to be very selective and very careful for diversification.
Yes, that's my question. Thank you very much.
Thank you.
And the next one is from Howard Lee from Macquarie.
Please ask your question.
Hi, it's Howard Lee from Macquarie.
Thanks for the presentation.
Today, I only have one question, but in a few parts.
It is on the sales this year.
Can you comment on, in the first two months of this year,
how is the sales volume going, and is there a channel mix difference?
Like this year, is there a different strategy in channel mix?
Are we seeing any challenges in the bank assurance channel?
And lastly, it's on the product mix.
I understand this year, most companies will focus on interest-sensitive policies.
Can you give us some light on whether there is an increasing trend in crediting rates,
and what is Shin Kong's strategy towards this?
Howard, let me answer the questions first about the sales.
I believe Han Wei, who is also in charge of ALMs and the product designs,
can give you some supplement answers.
And then we can come to your second question, which I didn't really get,
so I have to ask you again for the second question later.
For the sales, the first couple of months gave us the sales volumes.
We want to sell $100 billion or more for this year.
The first couple of months, we already almost made the target of $19 billion, almost.
And the mix between the bank assurance and our brokerage business
and our type agents was about $33, $34 to $66, $67 from the bank assurance,
$33, $34 from our own channel.
And if we further break down the bank assurance,
the bank assurance segment also includes some of the outside agents,
non-type agents, which may account for about 10% to 15%.
I don't have that precise number on hand,
but traditionally we own the almost largest market share in the non-type agents.
What is good for us to diversify into some non-type agents
is because their capability of selling a product is quite similar to our type agents.
They can sell protections. They can sell whole life savings.
They can sell more regular payment products, which in general give us a higher margin
and give us higher stability, as I mentioned before,
longer periods of duration that we can use and utilize those monies.
And so we also welcome that.
We didn't see significantly change in the channel mix in the first couple of months.
We do believe this year with the cut of the commission rate,
some change may happen in the bank assurance channels.
We do foresee that the overall volume may start to decrease.
It doesn't necessarily mean the overall fees may decrease a lot for the bank.
The bank has to find their own way out.
And again, even if the rate has been cut,
I don't think there's clearly a better choice for the wealth management units across the island
to sell to their clients other than the insurance.
So we're not too uncomfortable with the cut.
If we now narrow down our angles to more micro-bills to only the insurance companies,
we always talk about the growth of the business and always talk about the first-year strength,
how much we had to sacrifice for the first year for sake of the growth in the overall premiums.
And this year we'll have better discipline.
It's not only the discipline of King Kong.
It's a discipline across the whole industry.
Everyone's rate has been cut.
We always have treasured our disciplines in this segment.
So therefore it is the overall competition now has a better discipline.
We don't see it as a bad thing in a micro-bill of our insurance company.
That means our first-year strength, even with a similar target of a business growth,
could be eliminated a little.
I don't know whether Hanwei has anything to add to the product sales.
We have a target this year to have the foreign currency of some of these products to be more than 30%.
In the first two months, both the Asian and the bank channels have delivered that.
So we are seeing good results in both Prodamix and Nivolan has been adequate.
Howard, why we emphasize the foreign exchange policy is because more and more assets now have been invested overseas, over 60%.
If those are from the foreign exchange products, we are fine.
No mismatch.
If most of those are from anti-dollar products, sooner or later we will mix it up.
Even though there will be no regulatory maximum, we have to think about the risk tolerance of ourselves sooner or later.
So the better way for us to grow is to grow if we can.
The more foreign products, the better.
And another focus for this year is the protection.
I don't know whether Hanwei can comment on the protection.
Protection products will be many folks from the agency channel.
They are doing well.
Right now, there are more than 45% of their premiums that calculating their salaries are from the protection products.
As I said, both channels have been delivering the requirement now, both as well as the protection.
Howard, before we start to answer your second question, I would like to ask you to take a quick look at page 11,
the downward trend of accountability throughout the past five years.
Apparently, this line is very, very linear.
If we have five years of time spent, that kind of linearity is not easy to be made.
It's definitely not easy.
Things have been changed.
Many of the products have come and gone.
Some of the stop-selling fads have happened.
But you can see that our trend to increase the yield is very, very sustainable.
It's very, very sufficient for us to meet the targets of as high as 10 basis points or above.
In the past two years, it was 13 and 14 basis points.
We not only want to decrease it.
Also, we want to have the discipline not to push the sales volume too hard.
We may see some trend.
Thank you.
Sorry, maybe I did not explain my second question very clearly.
My second question is, is there pressure to increase the crediting rates of interest-sensitive policy?
Got it.
Currently, no.
Currently, no.
But, again, it is flexible.
I can tell that you are very, very clear of the mechanism behind.
For new products now, anti-dollar products, the fixed rate minimum guarantee is 2%.
We can add on whatever we want.
It has to be prudent, though, on top of that 2% in U.S. dollar products, maybe 75.
We have the flexibility to give more to the client.
We do not necessarily have to.
That mainly depends on the competition.
Now, the competitive landscape, as I mentioned before, although the rate of the commission rate has been cut,
we did not see there are very strong challenges compared to the insurance index now, not in 2017.
Okay.
Thank you so much.
That was very clear.
Thank you.
The next one is from Sylvia Fung from Morgan Stanley, Hong Kong.
Please state your question.
Hello.
I have two questions.
The first one is the 2017 outlook.
I would like to ask the outlook on the after-hatch recurring yield on the live side
and also the credit cost on the bank side.
The second question is I understand that Shinkong Bank 2016 profit drop is mainly due to TRFTMU business,
but then for 2017 year today, the first two months, we see the bank earnings actually drop 15%.
This is quite different from the growth target that management has set for 2017 on the bank side.
So what has happened?
What is the difference between your expectation and what has happened in the past two months?
Hi, Sylvia.
I have some short discussions with my colleagues.
First question, it's very difficult for me to give you a clear guidance on the after-hatch recurring yield.
I don't think I have the capabilities to guide that correctly.
Before hedging, we believe there will be increase.
Not much.
In terms of our internal budgeting, I didn't see the before hedging to jump significantly higher than what we had last year.
What we had last year was about 3.9% before hedging.
I think a couple or if the time structure has been stiffening further, there may be a chance for us to be a little bit more optimistic.
Again, not much.
After all, many bonds have been called back last year in the first three quarters.
And again, before they've been called back, they still contributed into the overall yield last year.
So we don't want to be overly optimistic.
What we can guide the markets more clearly is on the liability side.
We definitely want to lower the cost by 10 basis points or more.
And we did deliver in the past five years.
So on that perspective, with that track record, even ourselves have better confidence in the lowering cost of liability rather than the higher yield.
Again, I know that many investors or analysts would like to think in this way that Xinkong may be a good interest rate play.
I have to admit that.
But again, I don't want to overly focus on that.
I'm trying to tell to you through that how optimistic we are regarding to the market yield.
The market yield is now in a better place.
But again, no one has criss-crossed the ball.
I don't want to be overly confident in that.
And the credit cost of the bank, short answer is that it will be higher than what we had last year.
It just will be higher.
Last year, what we have seen is the higher recoveries.
Recoveries last year was almost $700 million.
This year, we don't think there's a way for us to meet not even half, maybe not even half.
So this year, significant needs for further provisions will be front, less recoveries.
And some of uncertainties in the other portfolios that may include the TMUs needs to increase the provisions,
which has been talked about briefly in the Chinese sessions by the bank president.
Those all give us some reasons not to be too optimistic about the provisions spent for this year.
I cannot give you a very, very precise number, but I believe at least it will be higher than what we had last year.
And your second question is about the bank, right?
And the first two months, it seems that the bank didn't grow smoothly.
For wealth management, we did have seen some slow start.
We did have seen some slow start.
But traditionally, the first couple of months cannot be very successful in terms of growing the business.
Well, same last year, though.
So there's not very good excuse for us to compare to the same period last year.
But again, if the bank's president has the confidence that he can grow the wealth management's numbers by double digit, we believe it, too.
And we don't have much more choice.
I gave you a short answer that the credit cards will rise, will rise.
We know it will rise.
And the interest rate of Taiwan, if it has been high, will not be moving as fast as in U.S.
So we don't see the net interest incomes to get higher, other than the reasons that some of the funding costs can be further lower.
It's more passive.
So the active part that we can increase the loan yield, well, I just don't have that vision.
So we have to increase the wealth management's momentum.
And we will try our best to sell more funds, to sell more foreign fixed incomes.
And we have been good at it in the past five years.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you.
And the next question is from Anthony Lum from HSBC.
Go ahead, please.
I think a follow-up on both Howard's and Sylvia's questions.
I think on Howard's question about the FYP growth, and you guys are expecting over $100 billion FYP.
That's about like over 10% decline from this year.
So what should we think in terms of NBV growth for 2017?
Although I know you're trying hard to shift your product mix to higher margin products.
So that's the first one.
The second one is about the wealth management side.
And that's kind of a follow-up from both Sylvia's and Howard's.
I mean, you're trying to grow double-digit.
I mean, FYP from bank insurance, I think, grew over 30% last year.
And you are expecting, I think, a decline in FYP for the live side.
And commission rates are coming down like I think 30% on average.
So how should we think about the contribution of wealth management,
I mean, bank insurance, fee incomes, overall wealth management income,
and how would you manage to, I mean, at least maintain a stable fee income growth this year?
So those are my two questions.
Thank you for the questions.
Let me answer the second one first, and I'll let Hanwei answer about the BNBs for you.
Again, I have to admit that it will not be easy.
As I just answered Howard about the wealth in the wealth management,
it will definitely – I wouldn't say that it will be hostile years for long-term single premium products
such as what I have done in the last year.
It will not happen again.
Why is that?
20% of commission rate cut, 30% of commission rate cut for recurring premium products.
Again, not easy.
The commission rate may be as high as 15%, 17%, but take out one-third of the incentives.
How will the bank think?
It will be only naive for us to think it can be as easy to sell as last year.
But again, what counts the most here is about competition.
Taiwanese people have their money.
We love savings.
They're still baby boomers.
The money is still on hand.
Even myself, my wife thinks about how to deposit the money.
First priority for my wife is to invest in U.S. dollar savings, not the U.S. dollar deposit.
Definitely not.
Investing in fixed income, may think about it.
Not high yield enough yet.
Those high yields generate some risk that even she cannot know.
So what else do we have?
We have to save some money, utilize some money into the insurance product
and have some side benefits of it.
That's as easy as you can think.
If the underlying demand is still there, there's always a chance for us to promote the right product
to the right client to meet the target.
And again, sorry, it will not be easy.
But life will find a way.
For our insurance companies, we think about designing the product with a higher frequency.
The environment is changing.
So more and more weight is on Huawei's shoulders now.
He has to promote different various products, including all he has talked about protections,
talked about innovations in those features for savings.
Not easy.
Almost work overtime.
Nowadays, people have constraints on working overtime.
So for Xinkang, I do believe that putting enough resources to develop the right product,
give facilities to the bank, show answer for the bank.
How can they deliver?
They want the commissions too.
Clearly not good competition, not good alternatives.
Other than the insurance, what can they do?
They have to sell more recurring product, recurring payment product.
Is that easy? No.
Don't try that.
This year, I think our own bank, talk about our own bank only,
we don't foresee a growth in the FYP.
Definitely drop.
We do foresee a slightly increase in the margin.
So we don't foresee a decline, a significant decline in terms of the commissions.
Relatively flat.
Where is that double-digit growth come from?
It has to be made from the bullish markets.
Nowadays, it has encouraged some retail markets to buy into the funds.
We do see the start of the rate-hike cycles encourage people to think about fixed incomes.
The good news is that they are not as good as insurance.
Actually, because there's one product that actually caused a much higher,
that was about, again, 100 billion.
Due to the reason that we're trying to be not focused on this year,
increase the level of BNB margin.
Just to quickly clarify,
did Dan just mention you're not expecting any FYP growth through the bank insurance channel?
Our channel mix will be, I believe, will be similar to this year.
Maybe slightly less from the bank insurance.
Maybe slightly more from our Thai agents, again.
The reason is because the bank, if we give our assumptions,
maybe the best choice for them is to try to sell more regular.
Again, selling regular premium products.
Margin is higher, volume is lower.
That may give us the effect that we can see slightly more from the agents, slightly less.
Okay, thank you.
I think we have a very comprehensive discussion today.
I'm not sure whether there's any further questions.
If not, we can close the meeting now.
Thank you, Mr. Lee.
And ladies and gentlemen,
we thank you for your participation in Xinkong Financial Holding Company's conference call.
There will be a webcast replay within an hour.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations section.
Should you have further questions,
please don't hesitate to contact the IR team of SKFH by phone or by email.
You may now disconnect.
Goodbye.
