Welcome everyone to Xinkong Financial Holdings Company's 2016 3rd Quarter Earnings Conference
Call.
All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise.
After the presentation, there will be a question and answer session.
Please follow the instructions given at that time if you would like to ask the question.
And for your information, this conference call is now being broadcasted live over the
Internet.
The webcast replay will be available within an hour after the conference is finished.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations section.
And now I would like to introduce Mr. Stan Lee, Senior Vice President of Xinkong Financial
Holdings Company.
Mr. Lee, you may begin.
Thank you, Jason.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
Thank you again for joining the Xinkong Financial 2016 3rd Quarter Analysts' Call.
Before we start, I would like to introduce my colleagues who are with me today.
We are happy to have Vice Chairman Victor Hsu of the Financial Holdings Company to review
the 3rd Quarter results with us.
Also in the room are Sunny Hsu, Executive Senior Vice President, Han Wei-Lin, the appointed
actuary of Xinkong Live, Isabella and Zeke, members of the IR team.
The presentation we are about to go through was sent out two hours ago.
You may also download it from our website or participate through webcast.
If you do not have the presentation, please let us know now.
Your lines will be muted when we are presenting.
If you are called off, please dial back in or call Zeke at 886-975-731-274 for assistance.
If you have no questions, we will start by asking Vice Chairman Victor Hsu to give us
a group level update for the 3rd Quarter.
Vice Chairman Hsu.
Thank you.
Stan, good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
Please turn to page 4.
Central Financial Holdings recorded a consolidated after-tax profit of $2.76 billion NT for the
3rd Quarter 2016, up 47.5% quarter-on-quarter.
For the first nine months consolidated, after-tax profit was $2.06 billion NT and profit attributable
to the Central Financial Holdings was $1.5 billion NT.
EPS was $0.15 billion NT.
Core business of each subsidiary remained solid during this quarter.
For single life, FYP reached $89.29 billion NT, 44.6% higher year-on-year, enabling VNB
to grow 9.8% year-on-year.
Annualized cost of liability declined steadily from 4.51% for 2015 to 4.4%, exceeding our
expectations.
Interest income grew 13.9% year-on-year to $52.02 billion NT, boosted by allocation to
overseas fixed income.
Recurring year before hedging increased 7.5% year-on-year to 3.89%.
For single bank, net interest income and net fee income for the first nine months grew
2.4% and 7.4% year-on-year, respectively.
After-tax profit was $3.3 billion NT.
On the capital adequacy front, BIS ratio was 12.8% and Tier 1 ratio was 9.9%.
Both ratios are higher than the first half of 2016.
Net worth continued to recover at the financial holding level.
As of the end of the third quarter, consolidated shareholders' equity of single financial
holding amounted to $132.48 billion NT, $9.34 billion NT higher than 2015, and book value
per share was $11.74 billion NT.
The increase in single financial holding shareholders' equity was driven by Sinkhole Life's other
comprehensive income for the first nine months, reaching $7.9 billion NT.
To actively enhance financial structure, Sinkhole Life successfully issued perpetual cumulative
subordinate cooperative funds in the amount of $13 billion NT on October 31.
I will now hand it back to Stan who will take you through the results of the financial holding
company and Sinkhole Life.
Stan.
Thank you, Mr. Chen and Xu.
Please now turn to page 6.
Sinkhole Financial Holding recorded an after-tax profit of $1.5 billion for the first nine
months of 2016.
At the subsidiary level, Sinkhole Life's after-tax loss was $2.01 billion, and Sinkhole Bank's
after-tax profit came to $3.36 billion.
Page 10.
Driven by strong demand for whole life savings, FYP for the first nine months reached $89.29
billion, up 44.6% year-on-year, securing a market share of 9.2%.
FYP grew even more substantially to $41.15 billion, up 91.7% year-on-year, and VNB also
increased 9.8% year-on-year.
In order to reduce cost of liabilities, Sinkhole Life has been promoting interest-sensitive
whole life products, which allowed annualized cost of liabilities to decline to 4.4%, 11
bits lower than 2015.
Going forward, Sinkhole Life will continue to focus on VNB growth by promoting foreign
currency policies and protection products.
Page 13 gives an overall view of our investment portfolio.
Annualized investment return for the first nine months, 2016, was 3.59%.
Breakdown of investment return for different asset classes were real estate, 3.2%, mortgage
and corporate loans, 2.1%, policy loans, 5.8%, overseas investments, 4.4%, domestic securities,
1.6%, and cash, 0.4%.
Page 14 shows the portfolio for our overseas fixed incomes.
At the end of the first nine months, corporate bonds accounted for the largest share, representing
more than 50% of the total, followed by international bonds at 26.7% and government bonds at 15.3%.
Portfolio relocation allowed interest income for the first nine months to increase $6.36
billion year-on-year to $52.02 billion.
As interest rates start to gradually decline, Sinkhole Life will continue to invest in emerging
market U.S. dollar government bonds and overseas corporate bonds to stabilize recurring income.
Page 16.
Annualized hedging cost for the first nine months, 2016, was 0.98%.
Hedging ratio was 80.5%, including CS, NDF, and naturally hedged 4X policy position.
The mid- to long-term target of hedging ratios ranges from 65% to 90%
under stringent risk management.
CS and NDF accounted for 70% and 30%, respectively, of traditional hedges.
Page 19.
SKSH is actively promoting digital financial services with product innovation, process
optimization, and business model development to comprehensively enhance competitiveness.
For example, Sinkhole Bank led peers in offering digital accounts, WeChat Pay, and mobile payments,
growing the number of active digital accounts and trading volume by 15% year-on-year.
These achievements helped Sinkhole Bank win Best Digital Bank from Excellence magazine.
As for Sinkhole Life, the bank also utilized big data and integrated channels to create
an automated claims model, awarded 2016's FCA Best Customer Communication by BusinessNext,
and award for most innovative application of FinTech in the life insurance industry
to a Wealth magazine.
Page 20 shows more initiatives, such as digital platform, mobile finance, digital marketing,
smart channel, etc. Sinkhole Life and Sinkhole Bank have taken.
You may take a look at the table to find out what they have accomplished.
I will now hand over to Isabella, who will take you through the results of Sinkhole Bank.
Thank you, Sten.
Please turn to page 22.
Sinkhole Bank generated an after-tax profit of $3.36 billion for the first nine months of 2016,
with net interest income up 2.4% and net income up 7.4% compared to the same period last year.
The increase in net interest income reflected enhanced fund utilization as well as cost
control. The rise in net fee income mainly came from growth in wealth management fee income.
Page 24, total loan balance went up 1.3% year-to-date to $493.92 billion.
The momentum was driven by consumer loans, and we have seen mortgages grow 4.8% year-to-date
under stringent risk control.
Going forward, Sinkhole Bank will increase credit supply for large corporate borrowers
and actively participate in overseas syndicated loans to enhance loan-to-deposit ratio
and maintain a stable interest rate.
Page 25, net interest margin drew four basis points quarter-on-quarter to 1.5%,
and net interest rates stayed the same as the previous quarter at 1.96%.
Looking ahead, Sinkhole Bank will pay attention to both funding costs
and loan yields to keep interest rates stable.
Page 27, wealth management income for the first nine months of 2016 was $1.51 billion,
up 22.5% year-on-year.
The increase was mainly driven by the growth in bank insurance fee income,
which accounted for 70.1% of total wealth management income.
On top of insurance products, Sinkhole Bank will promote
mutual funds and bonds in the fourth quarter to boost wealth management business.
Page 28, new NPL generated in the third quarter was $851 million,
including two specified borrowers, Pacific Andes and Dingxing Trading.
Sinkhole Bank already charged off loans to Pacific Andes in September.
NPL ratio was 0.26% and coverage ratio was 480.49%.
Both figures are better than industry average.
That wraps up our results presentation.
Jason, please start the Q&A session.
Thank you, Isabella.
And ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin our question and answer session.
If you wish to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad
and you will enter the queue.
After you are announced, please ask your question.
Should you wish to cancel your question, you may press 02.
Thank you.
Now, please press 01 on your keypad if you would like to ask a question.
Thank you.
We are now in question and answer session.
If you would like to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad.
Thank you.
Before there's any questions raised, I would like to talk about our asset allocations
and the trends that we have foreseen ahead of us.
On page 13, you can see our overall allocations to cash is relatively high.
That was as high as 6.2% of the total in the amount of about $132 billion.
Thank you.
That's been a result because we are seeing some callable bonds are redeemed
because yield has been relatively low in the past two, three quarters.
We have also seen a very strong growth in our underlying insurance business,
particularly for those traditionals.
Those have driven down our cost liabilities by 11 business points.
Our original guidance to the market is that 10 business points
for the whole year will be satisfying for us.
The superior growth for the traditional policies
and also some available cash because of the callback gives us a window
because now we are seeing the global yield is rising,
partly because of the President-elect Donald Trump,
possibly because of his policies, his possible policies to more expenditure and inflation.
Those will be welcomed by insurance companies like us because we have enough cash.
Now those can be deployed in global fixed incomes for higher yield.
US 10-year government bond yield has been raised by about 50 to 60 business points.
Similarly to 10-year government bond of Taiwan.
And we also will enhance or increase our exposures
to hydrogen yield domestic equities as well.
Now the equities at the end of September only accounted for only about $210 billion.
That's relatively low compared to our historical holdings to the global equities.
All in all, we are seeing Xinhuang has a window to enhance our yield at this point of now.
And we have been proven successful to trim down our cost liabilities.
So within three years, we will reach the target of before hydrogen break-even
for the life insurance subsidiaries.
I basically have already talked about the investment fund.
For the liability funds, there are challenges ahead.
In going forward, we will see the adjustments in the reserve rates
that will happen next year, some point next year.
And we will also see the cost for both the incentives for the Thai agents
and also the outside banks channel.
However, we've seen that yield also is going up.
That happens at the longer end.
For the shorter end and for the time deposits, they remain relatively low.
That gives a chance to remain competitive for the long-dated savings policies.
And also if we can sell more protection, sell more foreign exchange savings policies,
that will not compromise the overall business sales volumes for next year.
And for Xun Kong, the point for us now is not to show the near-term profits
but to show the recurring possibilities improvement.
That's the point I would like to urge the investors and also the analysts to think about.
Jason, do we have any questions now?
So far, no.
All right.
If there are no questions, I believe in the Chinese session,
most of the major issues have been solved, have been discussed.
So without further ado, I would like to close the meeting now.
Thank you, Mr. Li.
And ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation
in Xun Kong Financial Holding Company's conference call.
There will be a webcast replay within an hour.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the investor relations section.
And should you have further questions,
please don't hesitate to contact the IR team of SKFH by phone or by email.
You may now disconnect.
Goodbye.
