Welcome everyone to Xinkong Financial Holding Company's 2018 Second Quarter Earnings Conference
Call.
All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise.
After the presentation, there will be a question and answer session.
Please follow the instructions given at that time if you would like to ask the question.
For your information, this conference call is now being broadcast live over the Internet.
Webcast replay will be available within an hour after the conference is finished.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations section.
And now I would like to introduce Mr. Stan Lee, the Senior Vice President of Xinkong
Financial Holding Company.
Mr. Lee, you may begin.
Thank you, Moderator.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome again for joining the Xinkong Financial Holding 2018 Second Quarter Analysts' Call.
Before we start, I would like to introduce my colleagues who are with me today.
We are happy to have Mingyi Huang, President of the Financial Holding Company, to review
the second quarter results with us.
Also in the room are Sunny Hsu, Executive Senior Vice President of the Financial Holding
Company, James Yuan, Chief Investment Officer of Xinkong Life, Han Weilin, Chief Actuary
of Xinkong Life, Isabella and Christine, members of our IR team.
The presentation we are about to go through was sent out two hours ago.
You may also download it from our website or participate through this webcast.
If you do not have the presentation, please let us know now.
Your lines will be muted when we are presenting.
If you are caught off, please dial back in or call Christine at 886-968-929-230 for assistance.
Without further ado, please now turn to page 4.
SKFH continued its profitable growth in the first half of 2018, posting a consolidated
after-tax profit of $16.71 billion.
Earnings per share was $1.54 billion.
Consolidated shareholders' equity grew 8.7% year-to-date to $169.56 billion, and book
value per share as of the end of June was $13.98 billion.
Recently in August, SKFH has been approved by competent authorities to acquire MasterLink
Securities as a 100% owned subsidiary through share swap.
The share swap effective date is set as October 1, 2018.
Core business of each subsidiary remains stable in the second quarter, which will be discussed
later in the presentation.
Page 10, FYP for the first half of 2018 declined 4.4% year-on-year to $55.29 billion, representing
a market share of 7.8%, not simply aiming for sales volume.
Xinkong Life managed to maintain its FYP over FYPE ratio at 30.3%, which was above industry
average.
Besides, Xinkong Life chose to promote foreign currency policies and protection products
to contain hedging costs, facilitate ALM matching, and grow value of new business.
FYP of foreign currency policies for the first half increased 24.6% year-on-year to $32.02
billion, while sales momentum for protection products sustained through the second quarter
with FYP reaching $2.51 billion, up 29.0% year-on-year.
With sufficient inflows of saving policies, cost of liabilities decreased another four
business points in the second quarter to 4.16%, in line with our guidance.
Page 14 shows an overall view of Xinkong Life's investment portfolio.
Annualized investment returns for the first half of 2018 reached 4.57%, thanks to a solid
investment income of $56.4 billion.
Breakdowns of investment returns for each asset class were Real Estate 3.2%, Mortgage
and Corporate Loans 1.8%, Policy Loans 5.9%, Overseas Investment 4.1%, Domestic Securities
8.0%, and Cash 0.5%.
Page 15 presents the portfolio of overseas fixed incomes.
At the end of first half 2018, corporate bonds accounted for the largest share, representing
44.8% of the total, followed by international bonds at 33.1%.
Emerging market government bonds declined from 22.6% to 20.6% at the end of June.
The chart on the upper right displays the overseas fixed incomes portfolio by region.
Xinkong Life focuses on North America and Europe as its key investment area.
The share of Asia and other edged up to 39.1%, with increased investment in higher yield
in U.S. dollar government and corporate bonds with superior credit quality.
Page 17.
Annualized hedging costs for the first half was 1.66%, and foreign currency volatility
reserve was $3.85 billion at quarter end.
Hedging ratio was 84.4%, including CS, NDF, and the naturally hedged 4X policy position.
CS and NDF accounted for 62% and 38% respectively of traditional hedges.
In order to better control hedging costs, Xinkong Life will actively increase the share
of foreign currency policy sales.
We will now hand over to Isabella, who will take you through the results of Xinkong Bank.
Thank you, Stan.
Please turn to page 21.
Xinkong Bank continued to deliver encouraging results for the first half of 2018.
Consolidated net income increased 29.4% year-on-year to $2.55 billion, with net interest income
up 6.6% year-on-year and investment income up 31.5% year-on-year.
As the TRF losses were fully provisioned last year, the provision expense for the first
half decreased 33.7% year-on-year.
Page 22.
Thanks to the higher momentum in corporate loans in the second quarter, total loan balance
increased 2.8% quarter-on-quarter to $549.09 billion.
In order to maintain a stable interest rate, Xinkong Bank has been cultivating overseas
markets and expanding overseas lending operations over the past quarter.
As of the end of June, the overseas syndicated loan balance reached $20.06 billion, up 15.5%
year-to-date.
Going forward, the bank will continue to grow its overseas client base and build up closer
relationships with key partners to enhance its offshore earnings.
Loan growth for 2018 is targeted at 6%.
Page 23.
As bond yields increased higher and the loan-to-deposit ratio rose from 72.9% to 74.5% in the second
quarter, net interest margin increased two basis points quarter-on-quarter to 1.57%.
Net interest rate edged up one basis point quarter-on-quarter to 1.98%, which was driven
by the continued growth in overseas syndicated loans.
Page 25.
Wealth management income for the first half of 2018 grew 7.8% year-on-year to $1.06 billion,
which was boosted by stronger sales momentum in investment products.
For the second half of the year, there will be online marketing campaigns conducted for
specific younger clients.
The bank will also offer preferential rates on time deposits to attract new funds for
future business growth.
On the product side, foreign currency and regular paid policies will be the sales focus.
The growth target for wealth management income in 2018 remains double digits.
Page 26.
Asset quality was stable with NPL ratio at 0.24% and coverage ratio at 562.33%.
New NPL generated in the second quarter was $382 million, and this only accounted for
0.07% of total loans.
That is the end of our result presentation.
Moderator, please start the Q&A session.
Thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin our question-and-answer session.
If you wish to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad and you will enter
the queue.
After you are announced, please ask your question.
If you wish to cancel your question, you may press 02.
Thank you.
And first, we will have Anthony Leung from HSBC for questions.
Go ahead, please.
Thank you, Simon.
Thank you for taking the questions.
I think a couple of quick questions.
Firstly, on VNB, I think you did share in the first quarter results that VNB back then
fell by about 5% to 6%.
Just trying to get an update on that.
Let's expand that in the second quarter for the first half.
That's the first one.
And in terms of the heading cost and the impact on pre, I mean post-hatch, we think you just
want to get an update on the number.
Thank you.
Hi.
First half, the VNB also down about 4%.
Why VNB down 4%?
Anthony, I really focused on what I didn't market that there was a decline, right?
And for this period, given that we have seen the growth of protection products has reached
about 29% and foreign currency products growth has reached 25%, I believe the margin should
be slightly compared to what we have.
If the overall FYP ratio, FYP number can affect that for the next VNB growth.
But with a decline of FYP, and I believe February...
Hi, Mr. Stokes.
And what about the return on the after-hatch basis?
I mean, that's the idea of the first half.
Yes.
Before hedging, recurring yield was 3.57.
But this number hasn't reflected most of the dividend incomes that we will have for 2018.
Only 2.5 billion has been recognized in the first half.
And in the second half, we expect to recognize around 10 billion.
So overall, we believe before hedging, recurring yield will remain, if not higher, only slightly
lower and pretty much have a chance to remain similar.
After hedge, the figure for the first half is around 2.5.
Because our annualized hedging cost for the first half is 1.66.
So given what I mentioned before, most of the dividends will be recognized in the second half.
The after-hatch recurring yield will also be...
Thank you.
Now please press 01 on your keypad if you would like to ask a question.
Thank you.
We are now in question and answer session.
Please press 01 on your telephone keypad if you would like to ask a question.
Thank you.
If you would like to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad.
Thank you.
I believe most of the questions have been discussed in the Chinese section.
So if you have any questions, please let us know now.
Otherwise, we are going to close the meeting.
As a reminder, please press 01 on your keypad if you would like to ask a question.
Thank you.
Apparently, there are no further questions.
So let's close the meeting now.
Thank you very much, Mr. Li.
And ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation in Xinkong Financial Holding Company's conference call.
There will be a webcast replay within an hour.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations section.
And should you have further questions, please don't hesitate to contact the IR team of SKFH by phone or by email.
You may now disconnect.
Goodbye.
