Welcome everyone to Xinkong Financial Holding Company's 2022
fourth quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent
background noise. After the presentation, there will be a question and answer session.
Please follow the instructions given at that time if you would like to ask a question.
For your information, this conference call is now being broadcast live over the Internet.
Webcast replay will be available within an hour after the conference is finished.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations section.
And now I would like to introduce Mr. Stan Lee,
Senior Vice President of Xinkong Financial Holding Company. Mr. Lee, please begin.
Thank you, moderator. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome again for joining
Xinkong Financial Holding 2022 fourth quarter analyst call. Before the meeting starts,
I would like to introduce my colleagues who are with me today.
Here in the meeting room are Han Wei-Lin, Chief Actuary of Xinkong Life,
Stephen Wong, Head of the Investment Team of Xinkong Life, Isabella and Christine,
members of our IR team. The presentation we are about to go through was sent out two hours ago.
You may also download it from our website or participate through webcast.
If you do not have the presentation, please let us know now.
Your lines will be muted when we are presenting. If you are called off,
please dial back in or call Christine at 886-968-929-2304 for assistance.
Now please turn to page four. SKFH recorded consolidated after-tax profit of $2.17 billion
for 2022. Earnings per share was $0.1 billion. Consolidated shareholder equity at the end of
2022 was around $212.1 billion. And book value per share was $13.41 billion.
Our subsidiaries retained positive business momentum for the past year,
which will be covered later in the presentation. I would like to highlight that Xinkong was
selected again as a constituent stock of DJSI World Index in 2022. And this has reflected the
company's continued commitment on corporate sustainability development. Also, the company
was recently included in Bloomberg Gender Equality Index for supporting gender equality,
diversity, and inclusion in the workplace. Page 10. FYP for 2022 grew 1.7% year-on-year
to $53.7 billion, securing a market share of 6.9%. Xinkong Life's product strategy aims to
offer foreign currency policies and value-focused products, which create stable interest spreads,
better asset liability matching, and CSM. FYP of foreign currency policies was $41.3 billion,
accounting for 76.9% of total FYP. FYPE reached $19.3 billion, and FYPE over FYP was 35.9%,
beating the industry average. As for cost of liabilities, it decreased four business points
year-on-year to 3.69%. Page 13 presents the overall view of Xinkong Life's investment
portfolio. Investment return for 2022 was 3.21%, due to lower capital gains from equities and fixed
incomes and mean global market loyalties and market-to-market loss on investment property.
The breakdown of investment returns for different asset classes were real estate,
negative 0.6%, mortgage recovery loans, 1.9%, policy loans, 5.3%, overseas investments,
3.5%, domestic securities, 3.2%, and cash, 1%. Page 14 shows the portfolio of overseas fixed
incomes. At the end of 2022, overseas fixed incomes topped 2.3 trillion. The funds were
mainly deployed in investment-grade corporate bonds. As a result, corporate bonds accounted
for the largest share, representing 48.7% of the total, followed by international bonds at 26.3%.
Government bonds accounted for 24.7%. Over 90% of the overseas fixed incomes position
was deployed in U.S. dollar-denominated bonds. You may also have a look at the chart of the
overseas fixed income portfolio by region in the upper right corner. North America and Europe
accounted for the majority of overseas fixed incomes, showing combined share of 62.6%.
Page 16. The pie chart on the left-hand side shows the mix of hedging instruments.
At the end of 2022, hedging ratio was 82.4%, including CS, NDF, and naturally hedged foreign
currency policies. CS and NDF accounted for 53% and 47% respectively of traditional hedges.
Hedging cost was 27 basis points for the past year. The balance of foreign currency volatility
reached $27.3 billion. In order to better control hedging costs,
Xinkong Life will flexibly adjust the hedging ratio by using the proxy basket and continue
to promote foreign currency policies. I will now hand over to Isabella,
who will take you through the results of Xinkong Bank and MasterLink securities.
Thank you, Sam. Please turn to page 21. Xinkong Bank delivered a stable performance
in 2022 with good momentum and solid asset quality. Driven by moderate loan growth and
rate hike, net interest income grew 8.8% year-on-year to $13.7 billion. Net income fell
7.3% year-on-year to $3.2 billion on the back of decline in wealth management fee.
Provision expense decreased 40.7% year-on-year to $870 million, reflecting good asset quality
control. Consolidated net income reached $6.9 billion, up 4.7% from a year earlier.
Page 22. The bank's loan balance grew 4.7% year-on-year to $754 billion. Consumer lending
grew 4.8% year-on-year, representing 62% of the loan book. Unsecured consumer loans and other
consumer loans increased 13% and 11% year-on-year, respectively. As for corporate lending, SME loans
remained a core focus and grew 4.3% year-on-year. Page 23. Net interest margin and net interest
spread for the fourth quarter came down to 1.15% and 1.56%, respectively, due to upward pressure
on funding costs caused by rapid rate hikes. However, the bank managed to enhance its annual
net interest margin by 2 basis points year-on-year to 1.26% and the annual net interest spread by
3 basis points year-on-year to 1.68%. Page 25. Wealth management income for the past year was
around $2.6 billion, which was similar to 2021. The fee income from mutual funds decreased 62%
year-on-year as clients were sensitive towards market volatility. As a result, the bank continued
to grow the contribution from bank assurance, overseas securities, and structured products.
Page 26. Asset quality remained solid with NPO ratio at 0.12% and coverage ratio higher than
1,000%. Both ratios were better than the industry average. Page 29. Masterlink securities generated
a brokerage income of $4.9 billion for 2022, which was down by 29.7% year-on-year due to lower
daily turnover in the stock market. Prop trading business turned into profits in the fourth quarter
and consolidated net income was $362 million for 2022.
So that concludes the presentation for today. Moderator, please start the Q&A session.
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin our question-and-answer session.
If you wish to ask a question, please press Star 1 on your telephone keypad and you will enter the
queue. After you are announced, please ask your question. Should you wish to cancel your question,
you may press Star 2. Thank you. Now, please press Star 1 on your keypad if you would like
to ask a question. Thank you. If you would like to ask a question, please press Star 1 on your
telephone keypad. Thank you. Now, our first question is coming from Jamie Huan of JP Morgan.
Go ahead, please. Thanks for the presentation and taking my question. Two questions from me.
First one is, could we get some color about the unrealized gains or losses for the equity
portfolio and also the fixed income portfolio at Xinguang Life as of fourth quarter last year?
And also, if there is any disclosure regarding how the unrealized situation for the
portfolio that has been reclassified in the fourth quarter last year, how the unrealized
situation has been migrating? Because that part is already in the amortized cost portion.
And then, second question is on the bank side. Could we get some color in terms of how you
expect the fixed income growth momentum would look like for this year? And also,
on the trading side, should we expect 2022 as a more normalized level for we to refer
in terms of the forecast for this year? Thanks. Thank you, Jamie. For the first question on
unrealized gains side, as of the end of last year, we still have around 50 billion
as the loss of SKL. About 30% is in equity positions, among which 70% is on the
bond portfolio. But as you also mentioned, most of the bonds have been reclassified,
so the remaining portion are largely ETFs. Because ETFs, according to IAS39, cannot be classified
as the amortized cost. That's according to, sorry, I have to correct, IFRS9 cannot be classified
as amortized cost. That's why it still remains in the OCI position and still carry some of the
multi-market loss. About the reclassification part, we reclassified most of the bond portfolio
and 38 billion was removed from the OCI positions and now is accounted into the
AC position, which is not shown in other comprehensive incomes. For the fixed income
momentum, I would say we have a relatively positive view on the
business for wealth management. And for the others, I would say last year, it was also challenging
to grow in the loan side. But as in the Chinese sessions, President Lee has shared with you that
some restructuring effort was made. We will focus a little bit more on the
smaller sized retail loans and also the SMEs. I think both segments can contribute into the
growth of the loan fintechs as well. I don't have a very clear guidance on that, but we are
remaining on a relatively positive view on the growth, both on the loans and on the wealth
management for the bank. So should we say at least positive income growth for 2023 as your target?
Yes, yes, definitely. And how about the investment trading income for Xinguang Bank?
Thank you for the reminder. For 2023, I would say, well, also as we discussed in the Chinese
session, I think the spread between US policy rates and NT's policy rate will remain high.
And that means it will not be easy for the bank to be able to harvest any significant
capital gains from the bond portfolio. And that will also put up some pressures on the bank's
capital gains side. Well, it's relatively helpful for the bank to invest in new bonds. But again,
that's slower and smaller, while we can still see some pressures on the difficulties
managing the capital gains this year. So I would remain, say, probably relatively
conservative in terms of giving you any guidance on the improvement of the bank's trading position.
I see. Thank you.
Thank you. If you would like to ask the question, please press star 1 on your
telephone keypad. Thank you. We are now in question and answer session. If you would
like to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad. Thank you. If you will
like to ask a question, please press star 1 on your keypad. Thank you.
Moderator, I believe we have a very comprehensive discussion in Chinese sessions. And also,
So thank you for your questions in the earlier sessions.
If there's no further questions, let's go to the meeting now.
Thank you, Mr. Lee.
Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation
in Xinkong Financial Holding Company's conference call.
There will be a webcast replay within an hour.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations section.
Should you have further questions,
please don't hesitate to contact the IR team of SKFH
by phone or by email.
You may now disconnect.
Thank you and goodbye.
