Welcome everyone to Xinkong Financial Holding Company's 2018 3rd Quarter Earnings Conference
Call.
All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise.
After the presentation, there will be a question and answer session.
Please follow the instructions given at that time if you would like to ask a question.
And for your information, this conference call is now being broadcasted live over the
Internet.
Webcast replay will be available within an hour after the conference is finished.
Please visit www.fkfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations section.
And now I would like to introduce Mr. Stan Lee, the Senior Vice President of Xinkong
Financial Holding Company.
Mr. Lee, please begin.
Thank you, moderator.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome again for joining the Xinkong Financial Holding 2018 3rd Quarter Analyst Call.
Before we start, I would like to introduce my colleagues who are with me today.
We are happy to have Mingyi Huang, President of the Financial Holding Company, to review
the 3rd Quarter results with us.
Also in the room are Sunny Hsu, Executive Senior Vice President of the Financial Holding
Company, James Yuan, Chief Investment Officer of Xinkong Life, Hanwei Lin, Chief Actuary
of Xinkong Life, Isabella and Christine, members of the IR team.
The presentation we are about to go through was sent out two hours ago.
You may also download it from our website or participate through this webcast.
If you do not have the presentation, please let us know now.
Your lines will be muted when we are presenting.
If you are called off, please dial back in or call Christine at 886-968-929-230 for assistance.
Now please turn to page 4.
SKFH continued its growth momentum in the first nine months of 2018 with consolidated
after-tax profit reaching $19.46 billion, earnings per share was $1.76 billion, and
book value per share as of the end of September was $14.56 billion.
On October 1st, SKFH formally completed the acquisition of MasterLink Securities.
Following the deal, SKFH will keep leveraging our platforms across insurance, bank, and
securities business to foster synergy.
Core business of each subsidiary remained stable in the third quarter, which will be
covered in the presentation.
Page 10, FYP for the first nine months of 2018 reached $83.87 billion, securing a market
share of 8.1%.
Not simply aiming for its sales volume, XinKong Life actively promoted foreign currency policies
and protection products to contain the hedging cost, facilitate ALM matching, and grow value
of new business.
FYP of foreign currency policies for the first nine months increased 20.9% year-on-year to
$46.14 billion, accounting for 55% of total FYP.
With sufficient inflows of savings policies, cost of liabilities decreased another three
business points in the third quarter to 4.13% in line with our guidance.
Page 14 shows the overall view of XinKong Life's investment portfolio.
Annualized investment return for the first nine months of 2018 reached 4.4%, with capital
gains and recurring income both higher than the same period last year.
The breakdown of investment returns for each crisis were real estate, 3.2%, mortgage and
corporate loans, 1.8%, policy loans, 5.8%, overseas investments, 3.8%, domestic securities,
8.4%, and cash, 0.6%.
Page 15 presents the portfolio of overseas fixed incomes.
At the end of the third quarter, overseas fixed incomes reached $1.68 trillion.
Corporate bonds accounted for the largest share, representing 45% of the total, followed
by international bonds at 32% and government bonds at 21.6%.
Overall distribution was similar to the first half, and the average yield before hedging
of overseas fixed incomes was around 4.7%.
The chart on the upper right displays overseas fixed incomes portfolio by region.
XinKong Life focuses on North America and Europe as its key investment areas.
The share of Asia and others edged up to 39.6%, deployed in higher-yielding governments,
and corporate bonds denominated in U.S. dollars with superior credit quality.
Page 17 annualized hedging costs for the first nine months was 1.76%, and foreign currency
volatility reserve was $3.14 billion at quarter end.
Hedging ratio was 79.3%, including CS, NDF, and the naturally hedged foreign.
In order to contain hedging costs, XinKong Life will ramp up sales of foreign currency
policies, and the share is expected to exceed 50% of total FYP.
I will now hand over to Isabella, who will take you through the results of XinKong Bank
and match the linked securities.
Thank you, Stan.
Please turn to page 30.
XinKong Bank sustained its growth momentum in the first nine months, with interest income
increasing 6.5% year-on-year to $80.85 billion.
As the TRF losses were fully provisioned in 2017, the provision expense for the first
nine months decreased 36.5% year-on-year.
Consolidated after-tax profits amounted to $3.9 billion, up 25.9% from a year earlier.
Page 22, total loan balance grew 4.4% year-to-date to $558.49 billion.
Consumer lending maintained an upward trend with mortgage and unsecured loans increasing
5.4% and 5% year-to-date, respectively.
As for corporate lending, XinKong Bank has centered its efforts on overseas syndicated
loans with an existing loan balance totaling $23.17 billion, which was up 33.4% year-to-date.
Loan growth target for 2018 remains unchanged at 6%.
Page 23, due to higher U.S. dollar funding costs, both net interest margin and net interest
spread came down four basis points quarter-on-quarter to 1.53% and 1.94%, respectively.
Given the increase in funding costs, the four-year figures are expected to be lower than the
levels delivered in 2017.
Page 25, wealth management income for the first nine months of 2018 grew 6.5% year-on-year
to $1.58 billion.
As market volatility has increased in recent months, the bank looks to grow the contribution
from bank insurance by promoting foreign currency policies and regular premium products.
The growth target for wealth management income in 2018 is 5-10%.
Page 26, asset quality was stable with NPO ratio at 0.24% and coverage ratio at 565.75%.
New NPO generated in the third quarter was $297 million, and this only accounted for
0.05% of total loans.
Page 28, masculine securities recorded an after-tax profit of $0.99 billion for the
first nine months of 2018, up 39.5% year-on-year.
The revenue from brokerage business grew 24% year-on-year to $2.64 billion, accounting
for 60.3% of the total revenue.
Average market share was 3.85%, and ranked the 6th place in the industry.
So this is the end of our results presentation.
Moderator, please start the Q&A session.
Yes, thank you.
And ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin our question and answer session.
If you wish to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad and you will enter
the queue.
After you are announced, please ask your question.
If you wish to cancel your question, you may press 02.
Thank you.
Now please press 01 to ask the question.
Thank you.
The first question is coming from Anthony Lam from HSBC.
Go ahead, please.
Hi.
A couple of follow-up questions from the Chinese section on the right side of the new question
on the bank side.
On the right side, I'm just trying to check whether you actually observed some year-on-year
pick-up and there are no differences in step-quota given that we observed, I think, 45% year-on-year
decline.
It turns out you mentioned that for nine-month basis, it's only a slight decline along with
a slight FYP decline in nine months.
So that's the first one.
And the second one is on the recent monthly losses on the right side in September and
October.
Was it mainly driven by hedging costs and much lower, I think, definite income and interest
income in these two months or was there any other driver that's really driving the monthly
loss of the right business in September and October?
So that's the second question on the right side.
On the back side, I'm just trying to see what measures have you been taking to contain the
cost on a year-on-year basis comparison.
The gross income ratio compares quite favorably with the nine-month gross income this year.
So just trying to see whether that's sustainable going forward.
Thank you.
The VNB margin is about the same year-on-year.
So because on the quarter three FYP down less than 1%, so the VNB for quarter three may
be down.
I also mentioned by October, our FYP has the VNB margin.
Anthony, I would like to talk about the third question first and maybe the second, I will
let the CIO to talk about it.
And your third question is about the cost-income ratio.
We have shown the number that you can see the year-on-year growth for the banks was
10 at around 3%, while you can see the net interest income growth.
But the area that we can put some more effort and enhance, I would say, will be the fee
income.
The fee income, as a matter of fact, didn't grow for the last three quarters.
In the future, I would say, we don't plan to further, say, control this only growth
at 3%.
We cannot grow the banks' overall business, including the fee-based business and also
the interest-based business, without any – they have to grow at a very benign pace.
If we want to control the cost-income ratios, the focus will be –
As in COVID, it hasn't changed.
It's running at pretty much the same rate.
To add on for the third question, just trying to see whether the monthly loss of the live
business, I think on the control level in September, October was mainly driven by hedging
issue or was there some other reason behind monthly loss reported in September and October?
As the CIO mentioned, it didn't serve a significant pickup.
Hedging has been a lingering issue for the past quarter.
We've definitely seen a spread between NT and dollar has been widened, and from time
to time, we had to pay over 300 basis points for currency swaps.
That makes our – relatively.
If we do have sufficient capital gains recorded in the first couple of quarters, you don't
see that shone, not because there wasn't hedging, but because we have more abundant
capital gains.
What happened in the global market is that we don't have enough room to further harvest
for those capital gains, particularly in September.
However, I have to reemphasize that this year, we will be able to meet the pre-hedging rate
events.
We will be able to meet that target.
However, even with that target met, we still have to offset the hedging cost every month,
every month, for the traditional hedges we pay over 300.
So what we are doing now, how are we going to mitigate that, is to change the product
mix.
We presented that this year, there will be at least 50% of new business sold in U.S.
dollar denominated policy.
Next year, that will be further leveraged.
And the other way we can do is, such as the CIO mentioned in the Chinese session, if the
hedging cost is really unreasonably high, then in a relatively short term, relatively
short term, we don't change the hedging ratios for the long term.
But in a relatively short term, we can unwind some NDF.
I don't know whether there is anything to add.
Regarding the hedging cost, my personal view is, right now, the pricing is too expensive,
simply because the demand and supply issue of the CS and the NDF.
If you look at the interest rate differential between the U.S. and the Taiwanese treasury,
it shouldn't be that high.
For instance, 10 years U.S. treasury is around 3.
Taiwanese is around 90 basis points.
So the spread is about 2.1%.
And if you look at 30 years, even lower than that, about 170 basis points.
We are paying now around 300 basis points annualized hedging cost.
So we do expect that the hedging cost should alleviate, which means reduce in the future.
To alleviate the pressure on the hedging cost that we need to pay per annum.
Okay, understood. Thank you very much.
Thank you, Anthony.
As a reminder, please press 01 on your keypad if you would like to ask a question.
Thank you.
And next we'll have Thomas Wong from Goldman Sachs for questions.
Go ahead, please.
Hi, thank you.
Thank you.
Just to clarify, you're giving out investment yield and using overseas asset was 3.8%.
That's after hedging cost?
After hedging.
Yes, so if you're getting 3.8% on your overseas asset,
and then you're getting 8.4% now for your domestic asset.
So if that was on purpose, I don't think you're going to expand overseas assets.
If you're getting 5, 6% yield on domestic equity,
can you just help me find your rationale on that?
Or are you assuming in your expectation that hedging cost will come down quite a bit,
that the overseas asset yield will go up quite a bit?
The reason why we invest overseas is for fixed income.
Domestically, we do enjoy the higher dividend yield at 4.5% or sometimes 5% for some names.
However, those are equity.
Those have volatilities.
And even though those are lower beta equity,
as an insurance company, we have to strive matching the assets to liabilities.
And without investing overseas,
domestic market just doesn't have such an opportunity for us.
So even though after hedge, you see that we have 3.8%,
it seems that not as high as what we wanted.
But again, 3.8% is still too high to be achieved if we invest only in local.
Jim, do you have anything to add?
Local is impossible.
90 basis points for the 10 years, 1.5% for the 30.
And the perpetual for the banks, issued by other banks, is a little bit north of 2%.
Versus the overseas fixed yield, the overseas is still much more attractive.
And again, we do expect that the hedging cost should go a little bit lower
given the interest rate differential.
Personally, I don't think that supports the current cost of hedging
at a level higher than 3% in the long term.
Just to follow that up,
what's the mix between yield, equity, and bond?
The part that is AC and the part that goes through your PML?
Well, in terms of yield, local stocks give us a yield higher than 4%,
particularly when we have over half of our local equities
invested in what we call the low-beta, high-dividend stock activities,
and also telecoms.
And we are now the single largest investors for Chunghwa Telecoms.
And for those names, we enjoy higher yield.
Local investments for bonds, however, is another story.
Across the board, I would say,
other than those perpetuals offered by other insurance companies
or financial companies that prefer shares,
you don't have any chance to enjoy any yield higher than 3%.
And for the foreign ones, we don't count on the equities too much
because for those foreign equities,
you see that accounted for 3.8% of our overall assets.
We mainly classify those as PLO, as PLO overlays,
and we trade those stocks for capital gains for the major reasons.
And if there's any, say, dividend yield, that's only a benefit.
There's a slight benefit.
And for fixed incomes, I would like to let James
to add on some conditions, some targets of yields to analyze that, please.
Well, right now, the reinvestment yield is north of 5%.
That's without any questions.
And again, on the equity side, the dividend,
because we mainly invest in the U.S. market,
and we need to pay 30% on the dividend paid by the U.S. company.
So if you look at the S&P 500,
the average yield is around slightly shy of 2%.
So after that 30% withholding tax, you get 1.4%.
So there is not much that you can gain from the dividend perspective.
So again, the overseas equity investment is mainly there
for the capital gain generation to supplement our hedging costs
as our recurring income now is pretty much able to meet the current liability.
So that's our main strategy for the past few years.
Got it.
Can I ask a question on the bank?
You mentioned that they are quite high.
I mean, they're down a bit for the quarter,
but on an absolute level, still quite healthy.
How do you see that going forward?
As we stated in our presentation,
we think I cannot give you too long a view,
but for 2018, I will say the yearly net NIN will be lower than what we had last year.
Last year, I remember correctly, the level was at 1.54, 1.5453.
And again, you've seen the number at the third quarter already at a level
similar to what we had last year.
Fourth quarter will be further lower.
Main reason for that downward trend will be the increasing funding cost for U.S. dollar deposits.
Got it. Thanks.
We are now in question and answer session.
Please press 01 on your telephone keypad if you would like to ask a question.
Thank you.
All right.
It seems that there's no further questions.
I believe we have both very comprehensive discussions,
both in Chinese and English session.
If you have any further questions,
please do not hesitate to contact me or my team.
We will be there for you.
Moderator, please close the meeting now.
Thank you.
And ladies and gentlemen,
we thank you for your participation in Xinkong Financial Holding Company's conference call.
There will be a webcast replay within an hour.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investorization section.
Should you have further questions,
please don't hesitate to contact the IR team of XKFH by phone or by email.
You may now disconnect.
Goodbye.
