Welcome everyone to Xinkong Financial Holdings Company's 2020 3rd Quarter Earnings Conference
Call.
All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise.
After the presentation, there will be a question and answer session.
Please follow the instructions given at that time if you would like to ask the question.
For your information, this conference call is now being broadcasted live over the Internet.
Webcast replay will be available within an hour after the conference is finished.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations section.
And now, I would like to introduce Mr. Stan Lee, the Senior Vice President of Xinkong
Financial Holdings Company.
Mr. Lee, please begin.
Thank you, Moderator.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome again for joining the Xinkong Financial Holdings 2020 3rd Quarter Analyst Call.
Before we start, I would like to introduce my colleagues who are with me today.
We are happy to have Sunny Hsu, Executive Vice President of the Financial Holdings Company,
to review the 3rd Quarter results with us.
Also in the room are Han Wei-Lin, Chief Actuary of Xinkong Live, Yifeng Liu, Head of the Investment
Team in Xinkong Live, Isabella and Christine, members of the IR team.
The presentation we are about to go through was sent out two hours ago.
You may also download it from our website or participate through this webcast.
If you do not have the presentation, please let us know now.
Your lines will be muted when we are presenting.
If you are cut off, please dial back in or call Christine at 886-968-929-230 for assistance.
Now, please turn to page 4.
SKFH recorded a consolidated after-tax profit of $17.7 billion for the first nine months, 2020.
Earnings per share was $1.38.
Consolidated shareholders' equity increased 4.7% quarter-on-quarter to $244.94 billion
and book value per share at the end of third quarter was $18.41.
Quarter business of each subsidiary remained stable in the third quarter, which will be
covered later in the presentation.
I would also like to highlight that the result of the 2020 TCSA Taiwan Corporate Sustainability
Award was announced last week.
And Xin Kong won the Corporate Sustainability Report, Financial and Insurance Industry Platinum
Award, which is the highest honor in the domestic sustainability management field and sustainability
report evaluation.
In seeking profit and growth, Xin Kong Financial Holdings also brings together the enterprise
and functions of its subsidiaries to implement corporate governance and realize the ESG commitment
through tangible actions.
Page 10, FYP decreased 29.4% year-on-year to $59.49 billion due to product mix adjustment
As the share of regular premium increased to 63.4% for the first nine months, FYPE over
FYP was 36.8%.
Also, foreign currency policies remained the sales focus this year.
FYP of such policies amounted to $43.72 billion, accounting for 73.5% of total FYP.
With new business inflows and lower declared rates, cost of liabilities declined nine basis
points a year to date to 3.88%.
For the fall year 2020, cost of liabilities is expected to fall by 10 to 15 basis points.
Page 13 shows the overall view of Xin Kong Life's investment portfolio.
Annualized investment return for the first nine months of 2020 was 4.02%.
Breakdown of investment returns for different asset classes were real estate, 3.9%.
Mortgage and corporate loans, 1.7%.
Policy loans, 5.5%.
Overseas investment, 3.4%.
Domestic securities, 7.4%.
And cash, 0.4%.
Page 14 presents the portfolio of overseas fixed incomes.
At the end of September, overseas fixed incomes topped $1.9 trillion.
Corporate bonds accounted for the largest share, representing 45.4% of the total,
followed by international bonds at 28% and government bonds at 25.9%.
About 90% of the overseas fixed incomes position was deployed in U.S. dollar-denominated bonds.
As for portfolio by region, North America and Europe are Xin Kong Life's key investment areas,
accounting for a combined share of 62.3%.
Page 16.
The pie chart on the left-hand side shows the mix of hedging instruments.
At the end of Q3, hedging ratio was 77.1%,
including CS, NDF, and the naturally hedged foreign currency policies.
CS and NDF accounted for 58% and 42% respectively of traditional hedges.
Appreciation of NT dollar and higher NDF costs drove up annualized hedging costs to 2.33%.
In order to better control hedging costs,
Xin Kong Life will continue to build up its foreign currency volatility reserve.
The balance reached $5.4 billion at the end of October.
I will now hand over to Isabella who will take you through the results of Xin Kong Bank and Maxlink Securities.
Thank you, Sam.
Please turn to page 20.
Xin Kong Bank delivered continued growth in the first nine months,
driven by the increase in investment income.
Pre-provision operating profit was $6.17 billion,
which was 2.6% higher from a year earlier.
Consolidated net income grew 15.3% year-on-year to $4.72 billion.
Page 21.
The bank's loan balance rose 4.6% year-to-date to $634 billion.
Consumer lending continued an upward trend with mortgage and unsecured loans increasing 4.9%
and 6.9% year-to-date respectively.
As for corporate lending, the momentum only came from SME loans.
The four-year target for loan growth remains unchanged at 6%.
Page 22.
Net interest margin for the third quarter stayed at 1.21%.
Net interest rate decreased two basis points quarter-on-quarter to 1.61%.
As the deposit book is steadily repricing downwards,
both net interest margin and net interest rate are expected to be stable in the near term.
Page 24.
Wealth management income for the first nine months was $1.82 billion,
and sales momentum came from mutual funds and overseas securities.
The fee income from these two categories accounted for 53.7% of the total.
Going forward, the bank will promote online marketing campaigns
to attract new funds and grow its client base.
The intelligent robo-advisory platform will be launched by year-end
to enhance customer experience.
Page 25.
Asset quality was stable with NPL ratio at 0.19%
and coverage ratio at 669.5%.
Both ratios were better than the industry average.
Page 27.
Masterlink Securities recorded an after-tax profit of $1.19 billion
for the first nine months, 2020.
The revenue from brokerage business grew 43.4% year-on-year to $3.16 billion,
accounting for 65% of the total operating revenue.
Brokerage market share was 3.72%,
and ranked the 6th place in the industry.
This is the end of results presentation.
Moderator, please start the Q&A session.
Yes, thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin our question-and-answer session.
If you wish to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad
and you will enter the queue.
After you are announced, please ask your question.
If you wish to cancel your question, you may press 02.
Thank you.
Now please press 01 to ask a question.
Thank you.
The first question is coming from Jamie Huang of JP Morgan.
Go ahead, please.
Hi, thanks for the presentation.
Just two questions for me.
On Xinguang Live, if I look at the presentation slide 14,
I think overseas fixed income allocation,
the government bond proportion actually increased.
But if we look at the geographic breakdown,
North Asia actually increased.
Are these two trends corresponding with each other?
Or is it actually different?
That's the first question.
Second one is on bank.
I think the credit cost has been lower than 2019.
But previously, I think your guidance were actually targeting flat
credit cost per year.
So I'm not sure whether we can see some upside on credit cost
and how do you perceive there is a quality outlook
in the next 12 months for your own book?
Thank you, Jamie, for your questions.
First of all, I would say the first question
regarding to fixed income, you are absolutely right
that we are increasing the government bond position.
Also, those positions are mainly for the incremental portions,
of course, from the investment in North America.
We are slightly adjusting down the Europeans
and particularly for the non-development countries,
non-G7 bonds and shift toward North America bonds,
mainly because of the concerns for credits.
Still, the global is under the severe impact of COVID-19.
Of course, everybody has high hope to vaccines
and also the stimulations of the central governments.
But again, we would rather play it safer now.
That's the major reason why we shift to government bonds
while we also shift to...
For the bank, I have to admit that the previous guidance
was not very precise and in line with what is happening here.
As I mentioned to you, we are, I think not only Xinkang,
we all worry a bit about the impacts from COVID-19.
However, if we look into the numbers of the bank,
across different segments, there's no deterioration.
Also, in the bank's presentations,
the new NPR generated in that quarter was even lower.
It was only about $271 million.
It's lower than our expectations
and that is also the reason why the credit cost
for the first nine months,
that was only about 15.
In the previous quarter, I think the number was 17 business points.
Even from the quarter-to-quarters point of view,
it is now still very benign.
However, we are not going to be very recklessly growing the business.
We're still to remain relatively cautious.
We think that some of the greatest periods
for our clients' payments, particularly for the interest,
their principals this year,
will somehow lengthen the default period if there's any.
So now we still want to take care of the credit qualities first
or asset qualities first instead of growing the business fast.
Can I ask a follow-up question that for the North America,
are you buying U.S. government bonds?
I don't think so, right?
Or are you buying into Mexico, like SOE bonds?
We are buying into a longer, relatively longer-dated U.S. government bonds.
I'm not going to say those bonds will stay in our book for a long time.
But if we look into the segment now,
the new money yields across the board,
if you take the very long duration,
say 30, 40 years, mostly 40 years, now called seven,
and to those SOEs from the emerging markets,
what you can get is merely 2.5%, not very high.
And hence, to our stock now,
if we're only buying and holding those very, very long-duration bonds
to get only 3.5% of the yield,
it may not work.
So for the near term,
we think that it's about time to slightly shift the book to OCIs.
That is the reason why, you see,
when we shift some of the book from the ACs to OCIs,
we're now growing the OCI bond portfolios
to the amount of around 200 billion NT dollars equivalent
of the portfolio to the OCI bonds.
And because we have never been very active
in terms of increasing the OCI portfolios,
we are now relatively, say, conservative.
And as we all know,
there's not much yield pick-up across the board,
and the safer segment still in North America
and in the Treasuries segment,
and that's the reason why you see the interest now,
for now, increased in the longer-dated U.S. Treasuries bonds.
I see. Thank you.
Thank you.
If you would like to ask a question,
please press 01 on your telephone keypad.
Thank you.
And the next question is coming from Jenny Yu
of President Securities.
Go ahead, please.
Thanks for the presentation.
I have two questions.
The first one,
I would like to ask what's your product strategy
going forward for ICS and IFRS 70?
Will you sell more investment-linked products
like other peers?
And for the second one,
FYP declined 30% YOY.
Can we expect a similar trend into 2021?
Thanks.
I would like to have Chief Actuary Han Wei-Lin
to answer your question.
Han Wei-Lin.
Our product strategy,
currently we're focusing on U.S. dollar dominated products.
Those products give us better value
and investment yield.
But in terms of ICS or IFRS 70,
in order to accumulate the CSM,
we're also focusing on a traditional kind of product
like protection, term life, health insurance.
And those products will give us value
and better CSM to adapt to the future IFRS 70.
Also, in terms of ICS,
I think not just our product strategy,
I think the product trend in the insurance industry
will be given less guarantee
in supplying the product to the customer
because the longer-term guarantees
will give you a higher capital burden.
So I think the future product trend,
you will see product might get shorter.
You might currently whole life product,
you will see more and more term product.
And as you mentioned,
you might see more and more investment type of product.
That product currently is not our main focus.
But in the future,
we will also probably grow this kind of product mix.
As for FYP,
this year probably down about 30%.
I think next year,
we also keep adjusting our product mix
as you mentioned to apply the future standard
of the IFRS 70 and ICS.
So we'll transform from the shorter-term product,
shorter pay product to a more regular pay product
and a more protection kind of product.
So those kind of products will have probably smaller premiums
but better value for the company and the customer.
So probably FYP next year
will be probably will be also down a little bit
but we'll keep our value the same or even better.
Okay, thank you.
And the next question is coming from Michael,
Cathay Securities.
Go ahead, please.
Hi, I have two questions.
The first one is regarding the hedging cost.
Can you help us clarify
why the company's hedging cost is way higher
than other life insurance companies?
And the second question is regarding the VNB
and VNB margin in the first nine months
and the outlook for year 2021.
Thank you.
Thank you, Michael, for the question.
On the hedging front, I will say that,
well, in this year, we face the same issue
that if you hedge through NDS,
that will be extremely difficult and pricey.
Unfortunately, that is our case.
Unfortunately, that's our case.
It doesn't necessarily mean going forward
you have to face the same amount of pressure though
because I think the Chinese section
that mentioned that we planned
and there is a likelihood that we will further increase
the FX volatility reserve in the future
and that will help us to somehow decrease
the NDS hedging from time to time.
Not for good though, but from time to time.
When it's very pricey, there's alternatives
for us to manage the overall portfolios flexibly,
which is not the case.
As you know that before the one-off reserve
we provided in the month of July,
we almost depleted all of our reserves
and we were forced to increase the NDS
in a very pricey moment.
Now we have a reserve in the level over 5 billion NT
as of the end of October.
If there's a chance to further increase
the reserve pool before the end of the year,
next year we will start the year
with a better off flexibility
and hopefully that will help us
to mitigate the very pricey hedging now.
CS front is a totally different story.
CS mainly reflects the differentials
between US and Taiwanese policy rates
and now because everybody's rate is low,
the spread was thin.
However, CS is not very flexible
and every move, almost every move in the CS,
if you want to increase the hedging through the CS,
it has to be done through applications
to the central bank
depending on their approvals or not.
So as for now, we mainly focus more on process,
mainly focusing more on the FX reserves
other than trying to increase.
It will be increased through time,
but not instantly.
Some questions about the product side,
and I would like to have Tongwei Lin
answer your question, Michael.
Okay, thank you.
Our VNB margin for the first nine months
did increase.
It increased from 21% last year
to about 25% this year.
So our VNB margin did increase.
So the FYP down about 29%
for the first nine months,
because the VNB margin increased
only down about 15%.
As for the 2021 VNB,
because we are still in the budgeting process.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you, Michael.
Now if you would like to ask a question,
please press 01 on your keypad.
Thank you.
We are now in question and answer session.
If you would like to ask a question,
please press 01 on your telephone keypad.
Thank you.
Well, moderator,
if there's no further questions,
then let's now close the meeting.
Yes, sure.
Thank you, Mr. Li.
And ladies and gentlemen,
we thank you for all your questions,
and thank you for your participation
in Xinkong Financial Holding Company's conference call.
There will be a webcast replay within an hour.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw
under the investor relations section.
And should you have further questions,
please don't hesitate to contact the IR team of SKFH
by phone or by email.
You may now disconnect.
Goodbye.
