Welcome everyone to XinKong Financial Holdings Company's 2020 First Quarter Earnings Conference
Call.
All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise.
After the presentation, there will be a question and answer session.
Please follow the instructions given at that time if you would like to ask a question.
For your information, this conference call is now being broadcasted live over the Internet.
Webcast replay will be available within an hour after the conference has finished.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations section.
And now, I would like to introduce Mr. Stan Lee, the Senior Vice President of XinKong
Financial Holdings Company.
Mr. Lee, please begin.
Thank you, Moderator.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome again for joining the XinKong Financial Holdings 2020 First Quarter Analysts' Call.
Before we start, I would like to introduce my colleagues who are with me today.
We are happy to have Ming-Yi Huang, President of the Financial Holdings Company, to review
the first quarter results with us.
Also in the room are Sunny Hsu, Executive Senior Vice President of the Financial Holdings
Company, James Yuan, Chief Investment Officer of XinKong Live, Han Wei-Lin, Chief Actuary
of XinKong Live, Isabella and Christine, members of the IR team.
We are also joined by Ophelia Ouyang, Partner of Deloitte Actuarial Insurance Solutions.
Ophelia has been working closely with us over the past few months in reviewing our EV work,
and she's here to help us answer any questions you may have.
The presentation we are about to go through was sent out two hours ago.
You may also download it from our website or participate through the webcast.
If you do not have the presentation, please let us know now.
Your lines will be muted when we are presenting.
If you are called off, please dial back in or call Christine at 886-968-929-230 for assistance.
Now please turn to page 4.
SKFH recorded a consolidated after-tax profit of $6.67 billion for the first quarter 2020.
Earnings per share was $0.53.
Consolidated shareholders' equity was $149.72 billion, and book value per share at the end
of the first quarter was $11.81.
Life insurance EV per share of SKFH was $23.3.
EV auctioned on life increased 19% year-on-year to $292.7 billion in 2019, driven by an optimized
product mix, V1MV grew 3% to $24.9 billion.
Core business of each subsidiary remained stable in the first quarter, which will be
covered later in the presentation.
I would also like to highlight that the company completed a capital raising of around $3.3
billion through its issuance of common shares in May.
The funds will be injected to Shingon Life in June to strengthen its capital position.
The company plans to issue preferred shares B in the second half of the year to invest
in Shingon Life and Shingon Bank to support their business development.
FYP decreased 32.2% year-on-year to $20.52 billion, primarily due to adjustments in product
mix.
As the share of regular premium increased to 65.5% for the first quarter, FYPE over
FYP was 35.8%.
Also, foreign currency policies remained the sales focus this year.
FYP of such policies amounted to $14.36 billion, accounting for 70% of total FYP.
With new business and lower declare rate, hostilities declined two basis points year-to-date
to 3.95%, in line with our guidance.
Page 13 presents the overall view of Shingon Life's investment portfolio.
Annualized investment return for the first quarter 2020 was 4.41%.
Breakdown of investment returns of different asset classes were real estate 3.3%, mortgage
and corporate loans 1.9%, policy loans 5.5%, overseas investments 4.6%, domestic securities
4.7% and cash 0.5%.
Page 14 shows the portfolio of overseas fixed incomes.
At the end of first quarter, overseas fixed incomes amounted to $1.74 trillion.
Corporate bonds accounted for the largest share, representing 47.6% of the total, followed
by international bonds at 29.8%.
Emerging market government bonds accounted for 21.8%.
About 90% of the overseas fixed incomes position was deployed in USD denominated bonds.
As for overseas fixed incomes portfolio by region, North America and Europe accounted
for the majority of overseas fixed incomes, with a combined share 59.7%.
Page 16.
The pie chart on the left-hand side shows the mix of hedging instruments.
At the end of first quarter, hedging ratio was 75.2%, including CS, NDF and naturally
hedged foreign currency policies.
CS and NDF accounted for 63% and 37% respectively of traditional hedges.
Annualized hedging cost was 1.54%, slightly lower than the level of the first quarter
2019.
Foreign currency volatility reserve was $1.5 billion.
I will now hand over to Isabella, who will take you through the results of Xinkong Bank
and Masterlink Securities.
Thank you, Stan.
Please turn to page 20.
Xinkong Bank delivered a stable performance for the first quarter, driven by the substantial
growth in wealth management income and investment income.
Pre-provision operating profit reached $1.91 billion, which was 5.1% higher from a year
earlier.
Consolidated net income increased 12% year-on-year to $1.33 billion.
Page 21.
The bank's loan balance rose 1.5% year-to-date to around $615 billion.
Consumer lending continued an upward trend with mortgage and unsecured loans increasing
1.6% and 2.1% year-to-date respectively.
As for corporate lending, the momentum mainly came from domestic large corporates and SME
loans.
The loan growth target for 2020 is 6%.
Page 22.
Due to fierce competition in the market and rate cuts, the interest margin and the interest
break for the first quarter came down to 1.38% and 1.75% respectively.
Given the ongoing low-yield environment and competitive pressure from peers, the four-year
figures will fall below the level of 2019.
Page 24.
Wealth management income for the first quarter increased 9.3% year-on-year to $612 million
thanks to strong sales momentum in mutual funds and overseas securities.
The fee income from these two categories accounted for 61.4% of the total.
In the second half of the year, Shengong Bank will actively attract new funds and expand
its client base by promoting online marketing campaigns.
Page 25.
Asset quality was stable with NPO ratio at 0.19% and coverage ratio at 663.43%.
Both ratios were better than the level of 2019.
Page 27.
Masterlink Securities generated a brokerage income of $920 million for the first quarter,
which was 45.9% higher year-on-year.
Brokerage market share was 3.54%, remaining top six in the industry.
However, due to sharp volatility in the financial market, Masterlink Securities suffered unrealized
market-to-market losses in its prop trading business and posted a consolidated after-tax
loss of $350 million.
I will now turn over to Hanwei to talk about the update on EBMAV.
Thank you, Isabella.
Please turn to page 29.
For 2019 embedded value, the earning rate of VIF goes from 3.30% to 4.62% in 30 years
for Taiwan dollar products and 4.59% to 5.09% for U.S. dollar products.
The equivalent investment yield is 4.19%.
For VMB, it goes from 3.12% to 4.47% and 4.13% to 5.00% in 30 years for Taiwan dollar and
U.S. dollar products, respectively.
The adjusted NAV increased 30%, VIF increased 6%, and COC increased 11%.
As a result, at the end of 2019, EV of Xinguang Life increased 19% year-on-year to $292.7
billion.
Although FYP was down 8% in 2019, we were able to sell more regular premium products
and health products with higher margins.
Therefore, VMB increased 3% to $24.9 billion and VMB margin increased to 21.3%.
AV for five years of new business and 20 years of new business were $390.7 billion and $508.2
billion, respectively.
Page 30.
Under the base case scenario, risk discount rate remains at 10.5%.
We also provide the sensitivity test of investment return and the risk discount rate for your
reference.
Page 31.
Statutory net worth increased from $69.8 billion to $114.4 billion in 2019.
The main impact came from the realized gains on financial assets, which added $29 billion
to statutory net worth.
Page 32.
Study from the net worth, realized gains on property contributed to an increase of $74.8
billion in the adjusted NAV.
We also added special reserves of realized gains on property of $5.6 billion and foreign
exchange volatility reserve of $2.1 billion.
Total adjusted NAV increased 30% to $196.9 billion.
Page 33.
VIF grew 6% from $176.2 billion to $186.4 billion in 2019.
The main impact came from the new business issue, which added $31 billion to VIF.
Assumption changes caused a decrease of $40 billion total, mainly from the change in
economic.
Page 34.
VMD increased 3% from $24.1 billion to $24.9 billion in 2019.
The improved product mix was the most important factor that helped add $5.6 billion to VMD.
That wraps up our results presentation.
Moderator, please start the Q&A session.
Yes, thank you.
And ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin our question and answer session.
If you wish to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad and you will enter
the queue.
After you are announced, please ask your question.
Should you wish to cancel your question, you may press 02.
Thank you.
Now, please press 01 to ask a question.
Thank you.
The first question is coming from Jamie Huan of JP Morgan.
Go ahead, please.
Yeah, hi.
Thanks for the presentation.
Two questions from me.
Beginning on Xinguang Life, first thing is, do you still have any hidden value, which
means can you still further do property revaluation if you want, either from your existing portfolio
perspective or from the regulatory perspective, or everything will already be pretty much
mark-to-market now?
And second question is on FX Reserve.
I think $1.5 billion at the end of first quarter is pretty much the historical low.
And likely, I think in April, you will down further.
So just wonder, do we have any plan to do one-time injection into the FX Reserve?
Or there will be some risk that you may not be able to use the FX Reserve sometime this
year?
Thank you, Jamie, for the questions.
Let me answer your first question first, and I'll leave the second to James Yuan, the CIO.
For life insurance, your question is about whether there's any more left for the market.
First of all, I have to reemphasize that what we announced as May 22nd is still
subjected to the approval of the Life Insurance Bureau.
If they approve to adopt the market value appraisals of the investment purposes real
estates, then for the first date of January this year, what we will be able to market
to the shares equity will be in amount of $47 billion if they allow us to adopt the
new regulation.
Is there anything left?
Well, as far as the amount to market to the balance sheet, both to the asset or to the
shares equity, this is the number for us to start the accounting rules of this year.
The followings will be subjected to the changes of discount rates, second, the rental yield,
and using the DCF method, we will generate different market value gain or losses in the
following month and quarters.
But for the EV perspective, yes, there are residuals because now we only mark to market
the investment purpose, self-occupied portfolios.
If we mark to market everything as of the end of last year and also be presented by
our chief actuary, then the number will be approaching to $75 billion.
That will be the number.
And for RBCs, currently we're still unsure of what the rules will be after the adoptions
of the market.
We're not 100% sure.
But if we refer to the original rules, the number will be somehow different from what
we recorded in the net worth, somehow different because the methodology is different.
We used to use market comparisons, DCFs, replacement costs, and relying on the results of the
appraisal firms to mark to market.
And recognize the unrealized gains into the RBCs.
And now what's been recognized in the shareholder equity is expected to be only by DCFs.
Those properties that have not generated enough yield to be legitimate to use in the DCFs
will be replaced.
The appraisal will be replaced by the cost, by the replacement cost.
And that is a simplified methodology and also give us a slightly lower number.
That is why you used to know that there are $55 billion or plus that can be recognized
in the RBCs denominator.
Now you can only recognize a part of that.
As far as we announced, the number is $47 billion into the share.
Sounds different.
But again, if we only look at shareholder equity, if we only look at the P&Ls, the $47
billion will be recognized after the approval of the regulatory authorities starting from
the first date of this year.
Jamie, it's James.
As for the FX Reserve, other than the statutory reserve increase required about $300 million
per month, right now, as of today, we don't have a plan to do the one-time FX Reserve
increase.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you, Jamie.
As a reminder, please press 01 to ask a question.
Thank you.
Please press 01 if you would like to ask a question.
Thank you.
We are now in question and answer session.
If you would like to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad.
Thank you.
Well, if there are no further questions, then I would like to close the meeting now.
Yes, thank you, Mr. Stanley.
And ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in Xinkong Financial Holding
Company's conference call.
There will be a webcast replay within an hour.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations section.
Should you have further questions, please don't hesitate to contact the IR team of
SKFH by phone or by email.
You may now disconnect.
Goodbye.
