Welcome everyone to Xingtong Financial Holdings Company's 2019 4th Quarter Earnings Conference
Call.
All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise.
After the presentation, there will be a question and answer session.
Please follow the instructions given at that time if you would like to ask the question.
For your information, this conference call is now being broadcast live over the Internet.
Webcast replay will be available within an hour after the conference is finished.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations section.
And now, I would like to introduce Mr. Stan Lee, the Senior Vice President of Xingtong
Financial Holdings Company.
Mr. Lee, please begin.
Thank you, moderator.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome again for joining the Xingtong Financial Holdings 2019 4th Quarter Analysts' Call.
Before we start, I would like to introduce my colleague, Mr. Stan Lee, the Senior Vice
President of Xingtong Financial Holdings Company.
Mr. Lee, please begin.
Thank you, moderator.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome again for joining the Xingtong Financial Holdings 2019 4th Quarter Analysts' Call.
Before we start, I would like to introduce my colleagues who are with me today.
We are happy to have Mingyi Huang, President of the Financial Holdings Company, to review
the 4th Quarter results with us.
Also in the room are Sunny Hsu, Executive Senior Vice President of the Financial Holdings
Company, James Yuan, Chief Investment Officer of Xingtong Live, Hanwei Lin, Chief Actuary
of Xingtong Live, Isabella and Christine, members of my IR team.
The presentation we are about to go through was sent out two hours ago.
You may also download it from our website or participate through webcast.
If you do not have the presentation, please let us know now.
The lines will be muted when we are presenting.
If you are called off, please dial back in or call Christine at 886-968-929-230 for assistance.
Now please turn to page 4.
SKFH recorded a consolidated after-tax profit of $16.63 billion for 2019.
Consolidated total comprehensive income reached $46.88 billion, $82.18 billion higher year-on-year,
compared with a loss of $35.30 billion a year earlier.
Earnings per share was $1.34 and book value per share at the end of the fourth quarter
was $15.42.
Core business of each subsidiary remained robust in 2019, which will be covered in the
subsequent slides.
I would also like to add that the capital adequacy ratios of the group and subsidiaries
were out of the regulatory requirements at the end of 2019.
Group CAR was 111.1%, RBC of Shinkon Life was 220.8%, BIS of Shinkon Bank was 14.4%,
and BIS of InvestorLink Securities was 371.9%.
Page 10, FYP for 2019 reached $116.86 billion, securing a market share of 9.2.
As Shinkon Life has been actively promoting foreign currency policies, FYP of such policies
grew 12.6% year-on-year to $80.53 billion, accounting for 68.9% of total FYP.
The improved product mix led to a year-on-year increase of 2% in VNB.
In addition, cost of liabilities decreased another three business points in the fourth
quarter to 3.97%, better than our yearly target.
In 2020, Shinkon Life will continuously lay its focus on foreign currency policies, production
products, and regular paid policies to control hedging costs and accumulate fundamental incomes.
The share of foreign currency policies over total reserve is targeted at 20%, and cost
of liabilities is expected to be 5 to 10 business points lower than 2019.
Page 13 presents the overall view of Shinkon Life's investment portfolio.
Investment returns for 2019 increased 21 business points year-on-year to 4.2%, thanks to high
recurring income and properly controlled hedging costs.
Breakdown of investment returns for different asset classes were real estate 3.2%, mortgage
and corporate loans 4.4%, policy loans 5.5%, overseas investment 3.5%, domestic securities
8.3%, and cash 0.8%.
Page 14 shows the portfolio of overseas fixed incomes.
At the end of the year, overseas fixed incomes amounted to $1.77 trillion.
Corporate bonds accounted for the largest share, representing 47.3% of the total, followed
by international bonds at 28.9%, and major market government bonds accounted for 22.9%.
You may see the chart of the overseas fixed incomes portfolio by region at the upper right
corner.
North America and Europe accounted for the majority of overseas fixed incomes, with a
combined share of 59.3%.
Page 16.
The pie chart on the left-hand side shows the mix of hedging.
At the end of 4th quarter, hedging ratio was 71.8%, including CS, NDF, and the naturally
hedged foreign currency policies.
CS and NDF accounted for 69% and 31%, respectively, of traditional hedges.
Forex trading cost for 2019 was 1.73%, similar to the level of 2018.
Foreign currency volatility reserve, serving as a bear buffer for fluctuations in foreign
exchange, was $2.1 billion.
I will now hand over to Isabella, who will take you through the results of Xinkong Bank
and Masterlink Securities.
Thank you, Stan.
Please turn to page 21.
Xinkong Bank delivered a stable performance for 2019.
Its net fee income grew 10.3% year-on-year to $3.54 billion on the back of strong growth
in wealth management business.
Investment income increased 22.1% year-on-year, while provision expense decreased 11.4% year-on-year.
Consolidated after-tax profits reached $5.52 billion, up 5.9% from a year earlier.
Page 22.
The bank's loan balance rose 6.8% year-on-year to $605.85 billion.
Consumer lending continued an upward trend with mortgage and unsecured loans increasing
6.4% and 5.7% year-on-year, respectively.
As for corporate lending, the momentum mainly came from domestic large corporates and overseas
syndicated loans.
Going forward, the bank will grow loans with an emphasis on quality.
Page 23.
Due to fierce competition in the market and Fed rate cuts, both the interest margin and
the interest rate for the whole year came down to 1.44% and 1.82%, respectively.
Given the ongoing low-yield environment and competitive pressure from peers, the bank
expects the four-year figures to fall below the level of 2019.
Page 25.
Self-management income for 2019 increased 17.7% year-on-year to $2.54 billion with strong
self-momentum in mutual funds and overseas securities.
The fee income from these two categories accounted for 46.6% of the total.
This year, Shenkong Bank will actively attract new funds and expand its client base.
On the product side, mutual funds and overseas securities are expected to be sales-focused.
Meanwhile, the bank will promote foreign currency policies and regular paid products to drive
up wealth management income.
Page 26.
Asset quality was stable with NPO ratio at 0.2% and coverage ratio at 636%.
Both ratios were better than the level of 2018.
Page 29.
Masterlink Securities recorded an after-tax profit of $1.54 billion, up 85.7% year-on-year.
Proprietary trading income grew 84% year-on-year to $2.59 billion, driven by the increased
disposal gains from equity and fixed income.
Brokerage market share was 3.7% with a ranking of top 6 in the industry.
In 2020, in order to sustain growth in brokerage and wealth management business, Masterlink
plans to strengthen its trading platform and roll out robo-advisor services.
The company will also introduce featured products to partner channels.
As for underwriting business, Masterlink will leverage group resources to earn decent
sales.
And this is the end of our results presentation.
Moderator, please start the Q&A session.
Yes.
Thank you.
And ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin our question-and-answer session.
If you wish to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad and you will enter
the queue.
After you are announced, please ask your question.
If you wish to cancel your question, you may press 02.
Thank you.
And the first question is coming from Jamie Huang of JP Morgan.
Go ahead, please.
Yeah.
Hi.
Thanks for the presentation.
I understand you might not be able to give out very specific guidance, but could you
share like for the banking operation in terms of the trend, trend-wise, how should we perceive?
I think you mentioned net interest margin will still be on downward trend, but is that
downward magnitude in 2020 will be even bigger than 2019?
And also, how should we expect the credit codes and loan growth migration?
That's the first question.
Second one is I think the effective tax rate for the life insurance operation has been
pretty volatile.
Just try to understand, is that due to the unrealized losses on the hedging side or any
other specific reasons?
Thank you, Jamie, for the questions.
As what we discussed in the Chinese session, yes, we are still in the block-out period,
so I cannot give you any specific guidance on the changes of earnings.
However, I can show you the trend of how the interest rate, benchmark interest rate decreased
and will change our guidance to the NIN.
For NT dollars, every 25 basis points downward change will cause about 6 basis points decrease
in our overall NIN, while about 25 basis points change will cause 0.6 basis points change
in the NIN.
That should give you enough information to calculate our expectations for the decrease
of NIN changes.
However, now we don't have a very clear view on the NT dollars.
NT dollars accounted for over 80% of our overall deposits, so still much higher impacts to
our overall book.
We don't have a very clear view on how the...
For loans, we expect it to grow still another 7% for this year.
We will be rather cautious to any industries or to any individual clients that have more
severe supply chain issues.
Again, instead of giving a very clear guidance of how we plan to migrate the loan growth
or business growth, I would like to say that the credit cost still, as far as we can expect
now, is that it will remain at a similar level of last year.
Last year, the credit cost is defined by new NPL over our loan size.
It was around 2022.
So this year, we expect it to be rather similar as last year.
I believe your second question is on more technical effective tax rates of life insurance,
and you are absolutely right.
Last year, we have seen a high increase in the FX reserve in the first half.
That means we have some gains from the FX agents, and of course, some of those are unrealized.
If there are unrealized gains, we have to set aside a meaningful size of unrealized
gains for the tax.
However, things changed in the fourth quarter.
Fourth quarter, the reserve level went down to only about $2.1 billion.
From more than $10 billion to only $2.1 billion, that means we suffered from the hedgings,
and that takes out a significant amount of our unrealized gains from the hedgings, unrealized
positions, and also some of the tax benefits have to be written off as well.
That is why, if you observe our quarterly effective tax rates, you will see very, very
significant changes.
Yes, that's very clear. Thank you.
Thank you.
Now, please press 01 if you would like to ask a question.
Thank you.
We are now in question and answer session.
If you would like to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad.
Thank you.
Please press 01 on your keypad if you would like to ask a question.
Thank you.
As a reminder, please press 01 on your keypad if you would like to ask a question.
Thank you.
Well, I think we have a very progressive discussion in the Chinese session.
If now we don't have any questions, then...
Yes. Thank you, Mr. Lee.
And ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in Xinkong Financial Holding Company's conference call.
There will be a webcast replay within an hour.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw on the Investor Relations section.
And should you have further questions, please don't hesitate to contact the IR team of SKFH
by phone or by email.
You may now disconnect. Goodbye.
