Welcome everyone to Xinkong Financial Holding Company's 2020 4th Quarter Earnings Conference
Call.
All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise.
After the presentation, there will be a question and answer session.
Please follow the instructions given at that time if you would like to ask a question.
For your information, this conference call is now being broadcast live over the Internet.
Webcast replay will be available within an hour after the conference is finished.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations section.
And now, I would like to introduce Mr. Stan Lee, Senior Vice President of Xinkong Financial
Holding Company.
Mr. Lee, please begin.
Thank you, Moderator.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome again for joining the Xinkong Financial Holding 2020 4th Quarter Analyst Call.
Before we start, I would like to introduce my colleagues who are with me today.
We are happy to have Sunny Hsu, Executive Vice President of the Financial Holding Company,
to review the 4th Quarter results with us.
Also in the room are Han Wei-Lin, Chief Actuary of Xinkong Life, Yifeng Liu, Head of the Investment
Team in Xinkong Life, Isabella and Christine, members of the IR team.
The presentation we are about to go through was sent out two hours ago.
You may also download it from our website or participate through this webcast.
If you do not have the presentation, please let us know now.
Your lines will be muted when we are presenting.
If you are cut off, please dial back in or call Christine at 886-968-929-230 for assistance.
Now please turn to page 4.
SKFH recorded a consolidated after-tax profit of $14.46 billion for 2020.
Earnings per share was $1.12.
Market shareholders' equity reached $241.58 billion and book value per share at year-end
was $18.1 billion.
Core business of each subsidiary remained robust in 2020, which will be covered later
in the presentation.
Page 10, FYP was $72.39 billion, representing a market share of 7.9 percent.
As Xinkong Life's product strategy was value-driven, FYPE reached $27.44 billion and secured the
fourth position in the industry.
FYPE over FYP increased from 29.3 percent in 2019 to 37.9 percent.
Foreign currency policies remained a marketing focus in 2020.
FYP of such policies amounted to $54.39 billion, accounting for 75.1 percent of total FYP.
In addition, cost of liabilities declined 14 basis points year-on-year from 3.97 percent
to 3.83 percent, which was better than our yearly target.
Looking forward in 2021, foreign currency policies and value-focused products will be
prioritized as key strategy products.
The share of foreign currency policies over total FYP is targeted at 70 percent, and cost
of liabilities expected to fall by 10 basis points.
Page 13 gives an overall view of Xinkong Life's investment portfolio.
Investment return for 2020 was 3.69 percent due to higher hedging cost.
Breakdown of investment returns for different asset classes were real estate 3.5 percent,
mortgage and corporate loans 1.7 percent, policy loans 5.5 percent, overseas investment
3.3 percent, domestic securities 6.1 percent, and cash 0.3 percent.
Page 14 shows the portfolio of overseas fixed incomes.
At the end of the year, overseas fixed incomes topped $1.9 trillion.
Corporate bonds accounted for the largest share, representing 47.3 percent of the total,
followed by international bonds at 27.2 percent and government bonds at 25.0 percent.
About 90 percent of the overseas fixed incomes position was deployed in U.S. dollar-denominated
bonds.
You may also find that the chart of the overseas fixed incomes portfolio by region in the upper
right corner.
North America and Europe accounted for the majority of overseas fixed incomes, showing
a combined share of 62.4 percent.
Page 16.
The pie chart on the left-hand side shows the mix of hedging instruments.
At the end of fourth quarter, hedging ratio was 75.7 percent, including CS, NDF, and the
naturally hedged foreign currency policies.
CS and NDF accounted for 57 percent and 43 percent, respectively, of traditional hedges.
Appreciation of NT dollar and higher cost of NDF's true bulb hedging cost to 2.28 percent
for the past year.
The balance of foreign currency volatility reserve was $5.2 billion at year end.
In order to better control hedging cost, Xinkong Live will flexibly adjust hedging
ratio through the proxy basket and continue to build up its foreign currency volatility
reserve.
I will now hand over to Isabella, who will take you through the results of Xinkong Bank
and MessageLink Securities.
Thank you, Stan.
Please turn to page 21.
Xinkong Bank delivered continued growth in 2020.
Consolidated income increased 81.8 percent year-on-year, while provision expense decreased
11.8 percent year-on-year.
Consolidated after-tax profit reached $5.94 billion, up 7.5 percent from a year earlier.
Page 22, the bank's loan balance rose 7.9 percent year-on-year to $654 billion.
Corporate lending grew 10.3 percent in 2020, representing the largest segment of the loan
portfolio.
Thus, mortgaged and unsecured loans increased 8.4 percent and 9.6 percent year-on-year respectively.
On corporate lending front, the momentum mainly came from SME loans, which went up by 15.3
percent year-on-year.
Going forward in 2021, the bank will pursue a balanced growth in both corporate lending
and consumer lending with an eye to risk control.
The four-year target for loan growth is 8 percent.
Page 23, as the deposit rate steadily reprised downwards, net interest margin and net interest
spread rebounded three basis points quarter-on-quarter to 1.24 percent and 1.64 percent respectively.
The upward trend in net interest margin and net interest spread is expected to continue
in the first quarter of 2021.
Page 25, wealth management income for 2020 was $2.42 billion.
Strong growth in mutual funds offset the decline in bank assurance.
In 2021, the bank will actively attract new funds and expand its client base to achieve
an annual growth target of 8 percent for AUM.
In the meantime, the Intelligent Robot Advisory will be launched to enhance customer experience,
and a mobile device sales force management system will be built to digitize sales process
and improve productivity.
Page 26, asset quality was stable with NPO ratio at 0.19 percent and coverage ratio at
672.48 percent.
Both ratios were better than the industry average.
Page 29, mass holding securities recorded an after-tax profit of $1.9 billion for 2020,
which was up by 22.9 percent on year.
The revenue from brokerage business grew 41.2 percent year-on-year to $4.32 billion,
accounting for 62 percent of the total operating revenue.
Brokerage market share was 3.65 percent and ranked the 6th place in the industry.
Looking into 2021, more feature services and marketing activities will be launched to secure
different target clients.
Mass-linked securities will promote the newly launched Intelligent Wealth Management Platform
and strengthen its digital promotion models.
The company will also utilize group resources to satisfy clients' needs and capture business
opportunities.
This is the end of our results presentation.
Moderator, please start the Q&A session.
Yes, thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin our question-and-answer session.
If you wish to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad and you will enter
the queue.
After you are announced, please ask your question.
And should you wish to cancel your question, you may press 02.
Thank you.
Now, please press 01 to ask the question.
Thank you.
Our first question is coming from Nancy of Cathay Securities.
Go ahead, please.
Nancy, you are now on the line.
We cannot hear you.
Oh, yes.
Yes, thank you.
First question is, what's the duration for Xingguang Life's debts and liabilities?
And another question is, what's the current crediting rate for Xingguang Life's Taiwan
dollar and U.S. dollar policies?
Given the rising bond yields, does Xingguang Life plan to adjust the crediting rates?
Thank you, Nancy.
I would like to have Chip and Hanwei Lin to answer both of our questions.
Yes.
The duration of the liability is about 11.23.
The duration of assets varies, but we mainly look at the bonds.
The duration of the bonds is about 11.91.
So the main assets and the liability durations are about the same, very, very close.
About the crediting rate, for Taiwan dollars, the current products, the crediting rate is
between 0.8% to 1.9%.
U.S. dollar products, from 2.7% to 3.3%.
We have seen that this year, especially U.S. bond rate has been increasing.
So actually in March, we already raised U.S. dollar protection products about 5 to 10 basis
points already in March.
Nancy, do you have any further questions?
No.
Thank you.
And next, we'll have Jamie Huang of JP Morgan for questions.
Go ahead, please, Jamie.
Thanks for the presentation.
A couple of questions.
On the left side, for the foreign currency policies you are selling, the mainstream products,
could you give some color in terms of how the BNB margin looks like compared to your
average 26% in 2020?
And then, in terms of your guidance for cost of liability to decline by about 10 basis
points a year, just try to understand, is that taking into account the fact that when
the market yields are probably going up, then there will be potential increase in the crediting
rates for your U.S. dollar policies as a result, or you basically assume that your guarantee
rate or the crediting rate for the import book will be largely unchanged in 2021.
For the banks, could we get some guidance on your credit cost for this year compared
to around 15 basis points last year?
And also, in terms of the loan growth, the guidance is 8%.
Should we assume it will be very similar between corporate loan and also consumer loan, or
there will be any particular focus for this year?
Thanks.
Thank you, Jamie, for the questions.
For the life insurance product side, I would like to have Mr. Lin to answer your question.
Hi.
The BNB margin for U.S. dollar products is about 20%, about 20% in 2020.
For 2021, as we said in the meeting before that, we look to continue to sustain the U.S.
dollar products and the loan repay products.
So, the FYPE ratio will increase as well as the BNB margin.
So, if we sell more loan repay products, the BNB margin will increase.
For crediting rate, in terms of the budget, we look to decrease the cost a little bit
to about 10 basis points.
Of course, for the products we are selling now, we might fit the trend of the current
market, as we did in March, that we raised about 5 to 10 basis points in the crediting
rate, but that's for the new products only.
For the in-force or for most of the large book, that will probably not change that much.
So, we're still based on the new products that are coming in that's lower than our
current cost of liability.
So, in overall, that target is about 10 basis points.
Thank you, Hanwei.
Before I answer the questions on the banks, I would like to add a couple of points on
the life insurance side.
Jamie has asked great questions on whether we factor in the rate hike's potential or
just the long-dated bonds reflecting the inflation expectations for the market.
I would like to be very straightforward, saying that for the budgeting purpose, there's
no chance that we know that in the first quarter of this year, there will be such a significant
movement in the longer end of the time structure.
However, I would say the 10 basis points guidance shall be relatively solid, because if – and
as Hanwei just mentioned – if there's any increase on the crediting rate for new
products, that will also increase the attractiveness of such products to the client.
And there's just two factors driving down our cost of liability.
First, the pricing.
Second, the amounts that we can sell – that can be sold from our long-dated products.
If there's any crediting rate increase because of the expectations for inflation or the competitiveness
of other companies or the bank's instruments, well, they also increase the attractiveness.
So I would say, although I cannot guarantee – and there's nothing that can be guaranteed
by the guidance, but I think there's a solid logic behind that.
And the bank side, you asked about the credit cost.
For 2021, we expect the credit cost to be between 20 to 25 basis points.
As the credit cost was very, very benign in 2020, which was just 15 basis points, as you mentioned.
Loan growth target for next year is also set at 8 percent.
The number on my hand is showing that for corporate banking, slightly higher than 8.
For consumer banking, slightly lower than 8.
But again, the variation there is not very high.
So I can say that quite similar for both the consumer and corporate side.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you, Jamie.
And the next question is coming from Chung Hsu of Credit Suisse.
Go ahead, please.
Hi, I just have one question on page 15 of your presentation.
My question is on the recurring yield pre-hedge.
It's dropped to 3.65 percent from 4.5 – around 4 percent in the last two years.
But if I look at domestic and foreign cash dividend income and rental income that you have
on the same slide, they seem to be quite stable.
So this must be a change or impact from your fixed income book.
Is that due to your portfolio adjustment?
And with that, how should we think about your pre-hedge recurring yield for 2021?
Thank you.
Thank you, Chong.
This is a very, very good question.
I also think that for life insurance companies in Taiwan, this is a very important issue.
Of course, the way you see it, the domestic and foreign cash dividends,
those are from the equities portfolios or from the ETS portfolios, relatively stable.
Real estate is stable.
Then what happened here is mainly from, first, the changes in the fixed income book.
Last year, we have seen a significant drop in the global yield.
And that also triggered the co-options embedded in the international bonds
and some of our callable bonds held in the portfolio.
The redemption amount last year was approaching to $300 billion NT.
Well, the good news is that interest rates started to rebound.
And it seems that the troop is already over.
And this year, we expect a significantly less redemption amount compared to last year.
Significantly less.
Also, another change will be the sales of the AC portfolio, amortized cost portfolio.
Last year, the total amounts we disposed were slightly over 7%.
This year, because there's updated regulations from the FSC,
we can only sell as much as 5% out of the portfolios we are holding as amortized cost.
So those two forces, first, less redemption.
Second, less amounts that can be sold from the AC portfolio
will help us to stabilize the decrease of the recurring yield.
The good news is that from the reinvestment plus the new money
from the first-year premiums and also the recurring premiums,
that could account for about 13% to 15% of our asset.
If there's any increase, and there's already some increase in the new money yield,
we can enhance the new money yield quite efficiently compared to what we had
in the fourth quarter last year.
Fourth quarter last year, it will be almost impossible.
It was almost impossible for us to get a new money yield higher than 3%.
Now, 3% is definitely available.
Thank you, Stent. That's very clear.
Can I follow up with a question that if I look at your RBC ratio for the life,
I believe it's on the back of the presentation, it's 212%.
That's the end of last year.
Would that in any way constrain your ability to reallocate your portfolio
or to try to reinvest at a higher rate?
Or if there's anything that you can do to remove or alleviate that constraint?
Thank you, John.
To reinvest or a new invest enjoying the hiring long-dated bonds,
I don't see a significant difficulty because of the lower RBCs.
Because any bonds rated in the investment grade,
risk charge is very, very low.
If those bonds are higher than A rating, there's almost no risk charge.
Any double A bonds or above, a single A bond above,
will almost have no risk charge.
So if we can only mine our duration matching business well,
there should not be any excessive risk from the current RBC.
What we do have to worry about is whether we will have enough risk tolerance
for equities.
You see that we slightly reduced the equities exposure in the last year
compared to 2019.
Part of the reason is because our RBC ratio was not as high as we want it to be.
That's what we have done.
It may not be necessarily a bad thing because the global market now
is relatively high.
So if we slightly reduce the exposure,
we may as well have a better chance to redeploy into the market.
Okay.
Thank you.
That's very clear.
Thanks, Tim.
As a reminder, please press 01 on your keypad if you would like to ask a question.
Thank you.
We are now in question and answer session.
Please press 01 on your telephone keypad if you would like to ask a question.
Thank you.
Well, moderator, I think we have a very comprehensive discussion
in both Chinese and English session.
If there are no further questions, let's close the meeting now.
Thank you, Mr. Li.
And ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation
in Xinkeng Financial Holding Company's conference call.
There will be a webcast replay within an hour.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations section.
And should you have further questions,
please don't hesitate to contact the IR team of SKFH by phone or by email.
You may now disconnect.
Goodbye.
