Welcome everyone to Xinkong Financial Holdings Company's 2022 First Quarter Earnings Conference
Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise. After the presentation,
there will be a question and answer session. Please follow the instructions given at the
time if you would like to ask a question. For your information, this conference call
is now being broadcast live over the Internet. Webcast replay will be available within an
hour after the conference is finished. Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations
section. Now, I would like to introduce Mr. Stan Lee, Senior Vice President of Xinkong
Financial Holdings Company. Mr. Lee, please begin.
Thank you, Moderator. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome again for joining Xinkong
Financial Holdings' 2022 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Before we start, I would
like to introduce my colleagues who are with me today. Here in the meeting room are Hanwei
Lin, Chief Actuary of Xinkong Life, Yifeng Liao, Head of the Investment Team of Xinkong
Life, Isabella and Christine, members of the IR team. We are also joined by Fiona Lin,
Principal of Deloitte Actuarial and Insurance Solutions. Fiona has been working closely
with us over the past few months in reviewing our EV work and she is here to help us answer
any questions you may have. The presentation we are about to go through was sent out two
hours ago. You may also download it from our website or participate through the webcast.
If you do not have the presentation, please let us know now. Your lines will be muted
when we are presenting. If you are caught off, please dial back in or call Christine
at 886-968-929-230 for assistance. Now, please turn to page 4.
SKFH recorded consolidated after-tax profit of $3.48 billion for the first quarter of
2022. Earnings per share was $0.24. Consolidated shareholders' equity amounted to $246.9 billion
and book value per share at the end of the first quarter was $16.99. Life insurance EV
per share of SKFH was $24.3. EV of Xinkong Life increased 10% year-on-year to $341.2
billion in 2021. VNB was $18.2 billion and VNB margin increased to 34%, 6% higher than
the year before. More details on core business of each subsidiary will be covered later in
the presentation. I would also like to share that the company completed a capital raising
of around US$400 million through its issuance of GDR in April. The funds will be injected
into Xinkong Life and Xinkong Bank in June to enhance their capital position and support
business strategies. Boosted by strong sales momentum in foreign currency policies, FYP for
the first quarter grew 68.8% year-on-year to $18.56 billion, securing a market share of 6.8%.
Xinkong Life has adopted a value-oriented product strategy and promoted foreign currency policies
and protection products for stable interest spread, better asset liability matching,
and CSM. FYP of foreign currencies increased 84.4% year-on-year to $15.68 billion,
accounting for 84.5% of total FYP. Sales of health insurance grew 12.5% year-on-year due
to stronger demand from clients. FYPE reached $4.83 billion and FYPE over FYP was 26%,
beating the industry average. As to cost and abilities, it decreased one business point
quarter-on-quarter to 3.72%. Page 13 presents the overall view of Xinkong Life's investment
portfolio. Annualized investment return for the first quarter was 3.84% due to lower realized
capital gains and mid-market volatility. Breakdown of investment returns of different
asset classes were real estate 2%, mortgage and corporate loans 1.7%, policy loans 5.2%,
overseas investments 4.3%, domestic securities 3.1%, and cash 0.2%.
Page 14 shows the portfolio of overseas fixed incomes. At the end of March,
overseas fixed incomes topped $2.1 trillion. In the first quarter, the funds were mainly
deployed in investment-grade corporate bonds. As a result, corporate bonds accounted for
the largest share, representing 48.9% of the total, followed by international bonds at 26.5%.
Government bonds accounted for 24.3%. Over 90% of the overseas fixed income position was deployed
in U.S. dollar-denominated bonds. You may also have a look at the chart of the overseas fixed
income portfolio by region in the upper right corner. North America and Europe accounted for
the majority of overseas fixed incomes, showing a combined share of 61.8%.
Page 16, the pie chart on the left-hand side shows the mix of hedging instruments.
At the end of the first quarter, hedging ratio was 81.5%, including CF, NDF,
and naturally hedged foreign currency policies. CF and NDF accounted for roughly half and half
in terms of traditional hedges. Driven by U.S. dollar appreciation and effective hedging strategy,
annualized hedging gain for the first quarter was 0.06%. The balance of foreign currency
volatility reserve was $11.5 billion at quarter end. Full-year hedging cost is targeted below
150 basis points. I will now hand over to Isabella, who will take you through the
results of Xinkong Bank and MasterLink Securities. Thank you, Stan. Please turn to page 20.
Xinkong Bank managed to deliver stable results for the first quarter,
net interest income grew 12% year-on-year to $3.35 billion with continued loan growth. Net
income increased 1.3% year-on-year to $907 million. Xinkong Bank generated a consolidated net income
of $1.42 billion despite lower investment income due to volatile market conditions.
Page 21, the bank's loan balance grew 1.4% year-to-date to $730 billion at quarter end.
Consumer lending grew 2.1% year-to-date, representing the largest share of the loan book.
Mortgage and other consumer loans increased 1.2% and 7.9% year-to-date, respectively.
Page 22, net interest margin increased 3 basis points quarter-on-quarter to 1.25%
on the back of rising interest rates. Net interest rate came down to 1.65%. We expect
to see net interest margin and net interest rate improve as rate hikes come into play.
Page 24, wealth management income was down by 1.2% year-on-year to $666 million mainly due to
the decline in income from mutual funds as clients became conservative in their investment decisions.
However, bank assurance income grew 65.8% year-on-year and partially offset the decline
in net income from investment products. Page 25, asset quality was benign with
NPO ratio at 0.14% and coverage ratio at 959.3%. Both ratios were better than the industry average.
Page 27, masterlink securities generated a brokerage income of $1.37 billion for the
first quarter, which was down by 4.6% year-on-year due to lower daily turnover in the
stock market. Its prop trading business suffered a weak quarter due to choppy market conditions.
Consolidated after-tax loss was $124 million for the first quarter.
I will now turn over to Hanwei to talk about the update on EV&AE.
Thank you, Isabella. Please turn to page 29. For 2021 embedded value, the earning rate of VIF
goes from 3% to 4.77% in 30 years for anti-dollar products and 3.79% to 5.22% for U.S. dollar
products. The equivalent investment yield is 4.02%. For VNB, it goes from 2.82% to 4.73%
and 3.97% to 5.07% in 30 years for anti-dollar and U.S. dollar products, respectively.
The adjusted NAV increased 6%, VIF increased 22%, and the COC increased 25%. As a result,
at the end of 2021, EV of Shingon Life increased 10% year-on-year to $341.2 billion.
In 2021, Shingon Life adopted a value-driven strategy and focused on foreign currency policies,
protection products, and health insurance policies. VNB margin increased from 27.8%
to 34.4%, and VNB decreased just 9.8% to $18.2 billion. AVs for 5 years of new business
and 20 years of new business were $415.7 billion and $521.1 billion, respectively.
Page 30. Under the base case scenario, risk discount rate was 9.5%. We also provide
the sensitivity test of investment return and the risk discount rate for your reference.
Page 31 shows the detailed breakdown of adjusted NAV. Shingon Life's adjusted NAV at the end of
2020 was $208.1 billion. Profits in 2021 contributed an increase of $12.6 billion,
while unrealized gains on financial assets caused a decrease of $3.6 billion in adjusted NAV.
Other adjustments are $3.8 billion. Therefore, Shingon Life's adjusted NAV at the end of 2021
reached $220.8 billion. Page 32. VIF grew from $192.5 billion to $234 billion in 2021.
The main contribution came from new business issued, which added $20.7 billion to VIF.
Page 33. VNB decreased 9.8% year-on-year from $20.1 billion to $18.2 billion in 2021.
The decline in the premium from new business deducted $5.5 billion from VNB.
As the proportion of high-value products increased over the year,
the improved product mix was a positive impact that added $1.7 billion to VNB.
The economic assumptions changed also added $1.9 billion to VNB.
That wraps up our results presentation. Moderator, please start the Q&A session.
Should you wish to cancel your question, you may press 0-2.
Now, please press 0-1 to ask the question.
Our first question is coming from Jennifer of Nanshan Life.
I have one question on embedded value. Your cost of capital increased $23 billion year-on-year.
What's the impact of C3 increased risk?
Thank you.
I think about the $23 billion increase, about $21 billion are from the C3 factor increase.
Jennifer, is that clear? Out of $23 billion,
how do you say that $21 billion is driven by the adjustment of C3 risk factor?
Okay. Thank you, Jennifer. Thank you.
We're now in question and answer session.
If you would like to ask the question, please press 0-1 on your telephone keypad.
Thank you. As a reminder,
please press 0-1 on your keypad if you would like to ask the question.
Thank you. And next we'll have Jeremy Huang of JP Morgan for questions.
Go ahead, please, Jeremy.
Yeah, thanks. Just one question for Xinguang Bank.
Is that for your trading games in the first quarter, I think you mentioned
it was partially affected by lower bound trading games.
Just trying to check whether that's also due to the rise in market yields.
And then should we assume the second quarter, the situation will still be relatively unfavorable
given the further increase in market yields on that front?
And then if there is anything you could do to mitigate that kind of adverse impacts?
Thanks. Thank you, Jeremy.
For the question, I mentioned in Chinese, the year-on-year decrease from the investment gains
basically because of relatively rare opportunities for us to dispose bonds with enough gains.
Will that be the same in the second quarter?
I think for disposal, the difficulty is still there.
Well, we don't have significant exposure to the PL bond position, though.
So we don't have to worry too much about the amount of market loss, even without disposal.
So I think here's the same rationale that if the raise remains at this level or even slightly
higher, to realize the gains will be equally difficult compared to...
Got it. Thank you.
Thank you.
We are now in question and answer session.
If you would like to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad.
Thank you.
Moderator, if there's no question, then let's close the meeting now.
Thank you, Stan.
And ladies and gentlemen, we thank you very much for your participation in Xinkong Financial
Holding Company's conference call.
There will be a webcast replay within an hour.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations section.
Should you have further questions, please don't hesitate to contact the IR team of SKFH
by phone or by email.
You may now disconnect.
Goodbye.
