Welcome everyone to XinKong Financial Holdings Company's 2021 First Quarter Earnings Conference
Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise. After the presentation,
there will be a question and answer session. Please follow the instructions given at that
time if you would like to ask a question. For your information, this conference call
is now being broadcast live over the Internet. Webcast replay will be available within an
hour after the conference has finished. Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations
section. And now, I would like to introduce Mr. Stan Lee, the Senior Vice President of
XinKong Financial Holdings Company. And Mr. Lee, please begin.
Thank you, Moderator. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome again for joining the
XinKong Financial Holdings 2021 First Quarter Earnings Conference. Before we start, I would
like to introduce my colleagues who are with me today. Here in the middle room are Han
Wei Lin, Chief Actuary of XinKong Life, Yifong Liu, Head of the Investment Team in XinKong
Life, Isabella and Christine, members of the IR team. We are also joined by Ophelia Ouyang,
partner of Deloitte Actuarial and Insurance Solutions. Ophelia has been working closely
with us over the past few months in reviewing our EV work, and she's here to help us answer
any questions you may have. The presentation we are about to go through was sent out two
hours ago. You may also download it from our website or participate through this webcast.
If you do not have the presentation, please let us know now. Your lines will be muted
when we are presenting. If you are called off, please dial back in or call Christine
at 886-968-929-230 for assistance. Now please turn to page 4.
SKFH recorded a consolidated after-tax profit of $9.44 billion for the first quarter of
2021, up 23.7% year-on-year. Earnings per share was $0.72. Consolidated shareholders'
equity was $231.38 billion, and book value per share at the end of the first quarter
was $17.34. Life insurance EV per share of SKFH was $23.2. EV of Xinkong Life increased
6% year-on-year to $309.4 billion in 2020. VNB was $20.1 billion, and VNB margin increased
to 27.8%, 6.5% higher than the year before. The subsidiaries also posted strong results
for the first quarter, which will be covered in a later presentation.
Page 10. Not simply aiming for sales volume or market share, Xinkong Life chose to promote
foreign currency policies and value-focused products for stable interest spread, better
asset liability matching, and CSM. As a result, FYP of foreign currency policies for the first
quarter amounted to $8.5 billion, accounting for 77.3% of the total. FYPE reached $4.2
billion, and FYPE over FYP increased from 35.8% in first quarter 2020 to 38.2% in first
quarter 2021. Cost of liabilities decreased 3 business points year-to-date to 3.8%, in
line with our guidance.
Page 13 presents the overall view of Xinkong Life's investment portfolio. Annualized investment
return for the first quarter was 4.31%. Breakdown of investment returns for different asset
classes were real estate, 4.7%. Mortgage and corporate loans, 1.7%. Policy loans, 5.6%.
Overseas investments, 4.2%. Domestic securities, 5.9%. And cash, 0.2%.
Page 14 shows the portfolio of overseas fixed incomes. At the end of first quarter, overseas
fixed incomes topped $1.9 trillion. Corporate bonds accounted for the largest share, representing
47.7% of the total, followed by international bonds at 27.2%. Emerging market government
bonds accounted for 24.6%. About 90% of the overseas fixed incomes position was deployed
in U.S. dollar-denominated bonds.
You may also find the charts of the overseas fixed incomes portfolio by region in the upper
right corner. North America and Europe accounted for the majority of overseas fixed incomes,
showing a combined share of 62.3%.
Page 16. The pie chart on the left-hand side shows the mix of hedging instruments. At the
end of first quarter, hedging ratio was 74.0%, including CS, NDF, and the naturally hedged
foreign currency policies. CS and NDFs accounted for 58% and 42% respectively of traditional
hedges. Analyzed hedging cost was 1.65% for first quarter 2021, and foreign currency volatility
reserve was $4 billion. In order to better contend hedging cost, XinKong Life will flexibly
adjust hedging ratio through its proxy basket and continue to build up the foreign currency
volatility reserve.
I will now hand over to Isabella, who will take you through the results of XinKong Bank
and Masterlink Securities.
Thank you, Sam. Please turn to page 20. XinKong Bank delivered a strong quarter on many fronts.
Net interest income grew 3% year-on-year with improved deposit structure and steady
loan growth. Net fee income and investment income increased 9.2% and 19% year-on-year
respectively. Pre-provision operating profit reached $2.07 billion, which was 8.3% higher
from earlier. Consolidated net income increased 13.7% year-on-year to $1.52 billion.
Page 21. The bank's loan balance rose 1.9% year-to-date to around $666 billion. Consumer
lending grew 3.3% year-to-date and represented the largest segment of the loan portfolio,
as mortgage and other consumer loans increased 3.6% and 3.1% year-to-date respectively. The
four-year target for loan growth remains 8%.
Page 22. As the deposit rate steadily reprised downward and the ratio of demand deposits
increased, net interest margin and net interest rate went up one basis point quarter-on-quarter
to 1.25% and 1.65% respectively. The trend is in line with our guidance given at the
four-year 2020 analyst call.
Page 24. Wealth management income for the first quarter increased 10.3% year-on-year
to $675 million thanks to strong sales momentum in mutual funds. The fee income from mutual
funds accounted for 41% of the total. In the second half of the year, Shenkong Bank
will actively attract new funds and expand its client base through online marketing campaigns.
Page 25. Asset quality was stable with NPO ratio at 0.19% and coverage ratio at 712.77%.
Both ratios were better than the level of 2020.
Page 27. Mass-linked securities generated a brokerage fee income of $1.19 billion for
the first quarter, which was 62.1% higher year-on-year. Proprietary trading income amounted
to $2.77 billion driven by disposal gains from equities and related securities, which
was $0.47 billion higher year-on-year. Operating revenue grew 206.7% year-on-year to $2.28
billion and consolidated net income reached $0.9 billion.
In April, Mass-linked Securities was approved for the high net worth business and the U.S.
QI license. The company will look to expand the business opportunity. I will now turn
the conference over to Hanwei to talk about the results on E&AD.
Thank you, Isabella. Please turn to page 29. For 2020 embedded value, the earning rate
of VIF goes from 3.00% to 4.47% in 30 years for NT dollar products and 4.10% to 4.93%
for U.S. dollar products. The equivalent investment yield is 3.91%. For VMB, it goes from 2.57%
to 4.32% and 3.79% to 4.82% in 30 years for NT dollar and U.S. dollar products, respectively.
The adjusted NAV increased 6%, VIF increased 3%, and COC increased 1%. As a result, at
the end of 2020, EV of Xun Guang Life increased 6% year-on-year to $309.4 billion. VMB decreased
19% to $20.1 billion. AVs for 5 years of new business and 20 years of new business were
$392.0 billion and $508.8 billion, respectively. Page 30. Under the base case scenario, risk
discount rate was reduced from 10.5% to 9.5%. We also provide the sensitivity test of investment
return and the risk discount rate for your reference.
Page 31 shows the breakdown of adjusted NAV. Xun Guang Life's adjusted NAV at the end of
2019 amounted to $196.9 billion. Profits in 2020 contributed an increase of $7.2 billion,
while unrealized gains on financial assets caused a decrease of $8.1 billion. As for
other adjustments, which represented an increase of $12 billion, mainly included a capital
injection from a financial holding company and an increase in FX reserve. Therefore,
Xun Guang Life's adjusted NAV at the end of 2020 was $208.1 billion.
Page 32. VIF grew from $186.4 billion to $192.5 billion in 2020. The main impact came from
a change in economic assumptions, which caused a decrease of $68.3 billion. However, the
change in risk discount rate caused an increase of $22.2 billion, and the new business issue
added $25.8 billion to VIF.
Page 33. The 38% decline in FYP deducted $9.5 billion from VNB. However, Xun Guang Life
adopted a value-driven strategy and focused on products with higher margins, such as regular
premium products and protection products. The improved product mix was the biggest positive
impact that added $5.6 billion to VNB. Therefore, VNB only decreased 19% year-on-year from $24.9
billion to $20.1 billion in 2020, and VNB margin increased from 21.3% to 27.8%.
That wraps up our results presentation. Moderator, please start the Q&A session.
The first question is coming from Jennifer of Nanshan Life.
I have two questions on Xun Guang Life. First, equity only accounted for 9% at the end of March,
so do you expect a decline in cash dividends? And second, what is the new money yield for now?
Thank you. Hi, Jennifer. To answer your questions,
I think the first question is that there is a likelihood that this year's cash dividend we
received from domestic equity investments could be lower than what we had last year.
It is possible. But now, everything has been postponed because of COVID-19.
We are still waiting for the invested companies' AGMs to be held. And also, during the time,
the positions may be changed, both up and down. So, we'll see. The general guidance that
is the likelihood, there is a likelihood that the cash dividend will be lower than what we had.
And now, the new money yield is around 3.5% to 3.8%, and mainly for the foreign fixed incomes.
And that is much, much better than what we had last year. And even at the end of last year,
we can only strive to get around 3%, which is very painful for us because we definitely need a very
stable spread for the U.S. dollar-denominated policies. For anti-dollar policies, we don't
really mind that much because now, anti-dollar policies are mainly focused on the protection
type of products. But for U.S. dollar policies, we have literally everything, including savings.
We definitely need a positive spread. Did I answer your question, Jennifer?
Well, if there's no follow-up questions, Margaret, please check whether there are
any other questions. Sure, yes. As a reminder,
please press 01 on your keypad if you would like to ask a question. Thank you. And the next question
is coming from Bruce Lee Conn, Bank of America Securities. Go ahead, please.
Hi, thank you for taking my question. So, my question is mainly on life insurance. So,
I think in the mentally section that we mentioned that in order to support the
CSM accumulation in life, we will do a suitable fundraising every year. I would like to ask in
detail that does it mean that we plan to have fundraising plan every year, the difference is
only about the size or actually we still have some discretion over whether we will do the
fundraising of the year. Thank you, Bruce Lee. And just what I said
in the Chinese session, I recommend not to overly interpret what's been said and particularly not
find the subject of the newspaper's report. What I've said is that we can expect a reasonable
capital raising from the holding companies and a reasonable downstream, particularly to
the life insurance. But some of the funds were also being downstream to
the bank for their business support as well because particularly for 2021, we're aiming for
8% growth of loans. So, later they're going to need some capital. I think the point is not about
every year and how long is every year, right? And that's typically a misleading wording,
I would say. As I talked before, some analysts or investors tend to ask me whether we are going to
do a one-off larger size of kitchen sinking fundraisings for IFR 7. And my answer has been
and will be we don't plan to have one-off capital raising for that issue.
What we will do is to accumulate CSMs by every year's sales of the new policies and maintain
the quality of the new sales at a certain level. To support that, we need capital. That capital
raising or downstream will not be very big. The number is likely to be under $10 billion.
But how long? I don't know. As I said in the Chinese session, there was one question raised
whether it will be two or three years. I don't know because almost all of those capital raising
has to be approved by the board. Before the board has any resolution, I cannot disclose.
And I don't even know the details of the fundraising. The general guidance is that
we need a certain level of capital to support the business growth. If that's the philosophy,
then I will be very comfortable to say that every year it should be a relatively small size,
under $10 billion. But how long, how exactly that will be, I cannot say anything about it.
But for 2021, there's a likelihood that we're still waiting for the resolutions of the board
that will raise common equities from the holding company level and downstream to capital to life
insurance. And again, that amount will be highly likely to be under $10 billion.
Okay. I have a follow-up question on that. I just want to have a better
understanding of the RBC ratio that we are currently standing at, because I think our goal
is to accumulate $30 billion CSM every year as a target. So I would like to know that if we are
going to achieve this, how much of this will consume our RBC capital and whether or not that
will affect our RBC offer against the regulatory ceiling. The reason why I ask this question is
that although our RBC is lower than our major peers, I just want to know whether the $220
something RBC for us is good enough for us to achieve the $30 billion CSM goal every year.
Thank you, Bruce Lee. I think that's a very complex question. Some of the solutions that
we're also trying to figure it out. And then before answering the details, I would say,
yes, we're now looking at RBCs. The factors that really increase the denominator and which also
the risk-weighted assets is not only linked to the growth of assets. It's also about the mix of
the assets. And it is true that now when we grow the new business, as I just mentioned,
for all those anti-dollar denominator products, we're only aiming for protection type of products.
And that will somehow make the growth of anti-dollar assets lower. And also what you
can see in FYP's trend is that in this year, 2021, similarly trend that we have observed this year
is still a downward trend, which will somehow decrease the growth of the overall assets.
If you look at the past five years, the category of the assets growth is over 8%.
2021, I strongly believe it will be lower, definitely lower than 7%. And would that
be the equivalent of the risk-weighted asset growth? The answer is probably not,
because the weighting will also be changing. I would say, yeah, somehow we have to still support
the growth of, say, 6%, 7% of the asset growth. Risk-weighted assets, it depends on the portfolios.
But we still need some capital if we have a particularly good year. And that is also why
I cannot give you a guidance saying that two, three, four years, every year we're going to do
something, because there may be some years that we can generate enough ROEs. We can generate enough
incremental shareholder equities as well through the other comprehensive incomes.
But there may be some certain years that there will be other noises, that even when we have
enough after-tax profit, the comprehensive income is not good enough. And the elements
that make the comprehensive income is not right for us to accumulate enough qualified capital.
It's a very complex metric. But again, I'm still quite confident in saying that
the growth of the asset is slowing down. And that is the most important element here.
But that is also supporting my theory, and also the plan, that the needs for the capitals will
not be a one-off, will be a huge number, and will not be a kitchen-sinking capital raising. But
again, I think it's still very realistic, thinking that some certain level of capital raising
and downstream is still necessary. Okay, got it. Thank you, Stan.
Thank you. And next we'll have Jamie Huang of JP Morgan for questions. Go ahead, please.
Yeah, hi. Thanks. Just two questions from me. The first one is for the unrealized capital
losses of around $17 billion as of first quarter at Xinguang Lite. Could you give us a rough
breakdown in terms of the split between equity and also banks? And then the second question is,
if I look at your hedge mix in the first quarter, I think the hedge position,
the US dollar and other currencies actually have been increasing over the period of time.
Just try to figure out whether you think that you are taking a little bit more
of a currency volatility risk here, even though you have been trying to top up the FX reserve?
Jamie, I think I would like to answer the first question first. The $17 billion remaining balance
of the unrealized loss, those were all from fixed income positions. For the equities,
I think we still have some gains, but the losses were all from fixed incomes. And the bulk of that
is from the foreign fixed incomes, including the ETFs and also the outright ownership of the
foreign bonds. As for the second question, hedging, yes, you're right, that US dollar plus
proxy basket, the position is slightly larger than what we had one quarter before. It was
21.8%, but now it's 23.2%. You're seeing a little bit rise in that category. But again,
we have raised the proportions of the proxies. And that means the naked US dollar position
has not been increased. We are still taking care of the overall risk very, very carefully.
But again, you also know the changes of the dollar NT fluctuations this year was huge. It could be
by weekly spaces, you've seen significant differences. We have to remain very flexible.
We have to change the mix of the basket. I'd be very nimble changing the NDS and also versus
naked positions to remain the 2% target of hedging costs possible.
Got it. Thanks.
Thank you. Well, moderator, apparently there's no further questions. If so, let's close the
meeting now. Sure. Yes. Thank you, Mr. Lee. And ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your
participation in Shinko Financial Holding Company's conference call. There will be a
webcast replay within an hour. Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the investor relations
section. And should you have further questions, please don't hesitate to contact the IR team of
SKFH by phone or by email. You may now disconnect. Goodbye.
