Welcome everyone to Xinkong Financial Holding Company's 2021 Second Quarter Earnings Conference
Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise. After the presentation,
there will be a question and answer session. Please follow the instructions given at that
time if you would like to ask the question. And for your information, this conference
call is now being broadcast live over the Internet. Webcast replay will be available
within an hour after the conference has finished. Please visit www.skfh.com.tw
under the Investor Relations section. And now I would like to introduce Mr. Stan Lee,
the Senior Vice President of Xinkong Financial Holding Company. Mr. Lee, please begin.
Thank you, moderator. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome again for joining the
Xinkong Financial Holding 2021 Second Quarter Analyst Call. Before we start, I would like
to introduce my colleagues who are with me today. Here in the meeting room are Hanwei Lin,
Chief Actuary of Xinkong Live, Yifeng Liao, Head of the Investment Team of Xinkong Live,
Isabella and Christine, members of the IR team. The presentation we are about to go through was
sent out two hours ago. You may also download it from our website or participate through webcast.
If you do not have the presentation, please let us know now. Your lines will be muted when we
are presenting. If you are called off, please dial back in or call Christine at 886-968-929-230
for assistance. Now, please turn to page 4. SKFH recorded consolidated after-tax profit
of $13.62 billion for the first half of 2021, up 74% year-on-year. Earnings per share was $1.04.
Consolidated shareholders' equity increased 7.2% quarter-on-quarter to $248.04 billion,
and book value per share at the end of the first half was $18.6. The subsidiaries also posted
strong results for the first half, which will be covered later in the presentation.
I would like to highlight that the company completed a capital raising of $8.2 billion
through its issuance of common shares last week. The fund will be injected into Shingon Life by
the end of September to strengthen its capital position and enhance RBC ratio by around 11%.
Page 10. Not simply aiming for sales volume or market share,
Shingon Life chose to promote foreign currency policies and value-focused products
for stable interest spreads, non-asset liability matching, and CSM. Despite the decline in total
FYP, the sales of foreign currency policies for the first half amounted to $16.87 billion,
accounting for 77% of the total. FYPE reached $8.53 billion, and FYPE over FYP increased from
36.7% in the first half of 2020 to 39% in the first half of 2021. Cost of liabilities decreased
4 business points year-to-date to 3.79%. For full year 2021, cost of liabilities is expected to fall
by 10 business points. Page 13 presents the overall view of Shingon Life's investment portfolio.
Annualized investment returns for the first half was 3.84%. As investment income grew 8.4%
year-on-year, breakdown of investment returns for different asset classes were
real estate 4.9%, mortgage and corporate loans 1.7%, policy loans 5.5%,
overseas investment 3.8%, domestic securities 4.5%, and cash 0.2%.
Page 14 shows the portfolio of overseas fixed incomes. At the end of first half,
overseas fixed incomes topped $2 trillion. Corporate bonds accounted for the largest share,
representing 47.7% of the total, followed by international bonds at 27.1%.
Emerging market government bonds accounted for 24.7%. About 90% of the overseas fixed
income position was deployed in U.S. dollar-denominated bonds. You may also find the
chart of the overseas fixed income portfolio by region at the upper right corner. North America
and Europe accounted for the majority of overseas fixed incomes, showing a combined share of 61.8%.
Page 16. The pie chart on the left-hand side shows the mix of hedging instruments.
At the end of the first half, hedging ratio was 77.5%, including CS, NDF,
and the naturally hedged foreign currency policies. CS and NDF accounted for 53%
and 47% respectively of traditional hedges. Annualized hedging cost was 2.05%,
and foreign currency volatility reserve was $1 billion. In order to better contain hedging cost,
Xingkong Life will flexibly adjust hedging ratio through the proxy basket and continue to build up
the foreign currency volatility reserve. The four-year target for hedging cost is. However,
the Taiwan dollar strengthened again in August, and the company will watch closely on hedging cost.
Page 17. I will now hand over to Isabella, who will take you through the results of Xingkong
Bank and Masterlink Securities. Thank you, Stan. Please turn to page 20.
Xingkong Bank delivered a strong quarter on many fronts. Net interest income grew 9.9%
year-on-year with improved deposit structure and stable loan growth. Net fincom increased 2.1%
year-on-year to $1.7 billion. Pre-provision operating profit reached $4.11 billion,
which was 3.7% higher from a year earlier. Consolidated net income grew 3.4% year-on-year
to $3.06 billion. Page 21. The bank's loan balance rose 5.5% year-to-date to around $689 billion.
Consumer lending grew 7.6% year-to-date and represented the largest segment of the loan
portfolio, as mortgage and other consumer loans increased 8.3% and 9.3% year-to-date,
respectively. The four-year target for loan growth remains 8%.
Page 22. As the deposits continued to reprice downward and the ratio of demand deposits
increased, net interest rate for the second quarter increased two basis points quarter-on-quarter
from 1.65% to 1.67%. More deposits were joining to drive growth across all business units,
causing the loan-to-deposit ratio to fall from 69.7% to 69% in the second quarter.
Due to the lower loan-to-deposit ratio and bond yield, net interest margin for the second quarter
decreased one basis point quarter-on-quarter to 1.24%. Page 24. World's management income for
the first half increased 5.4% year-on-year to $1.29 billion, which was boosted by stronger
sales momentum in investment products. Investment products will be sales-focused in the second half
of the year. Meanwhile, Shengong Bank will also promote regular premium and foreign currency
policies to increase world's management income. Page 25. Asset quality was stable with NPO ratio
at 0.18% and coverage ratio at 732.24%. Both ratios were better than the industry average.
Page 27. Masterlink Securities generated brokerage fee income of $2.88 billion for the first half,
which was a 2.5% higher year-on-year. Proprietary trading income amounted to $1.98 billion,
driven by the disposal gain from equities, which was $1.01 billion higher year-on-year.
Consolidated net income increased more than 200% to $2.22 billion.
May I ask you a question, please?
Yes, please.
Now, please press 01 if you would like to ask the question.
If you would like to ask the question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad.
We are now in question and answer session. If you would like to ask the question,
please press 01 on your telephone keypad.
Seems that there's no question raised for the presentation, so let me ask again.
If you have any questions, please let us know now. Otherwise, we're going to close the meeting.
Yes, okay. And then we have one question.
And the first question is coming from Jennifer of Nanshan Life. Go ahead, please, Jennifer.
And the first question is coming from Jennifer of Nanshan Life.
I have two questions.
The first one is, NIM declined one basis point in the second quarter.
How do you look at the trend for NIM in the second half year?
And the second one is on Xingguang Life.
Your internal guidance for CSM is to accumulate more than $30 billion every year.
And NIM declined in FYP in the first half year.
How do you look at CSM going forward? Thank you.
Thank you, Jennifer. Let me answer your first question about NIM first,
and I'll let our chief actually answer about the CSMs and others.
I think we also have a very good discussion in the Chinese session as well on this issue.
In the presentation, I mentioned that there are two reasons why we have seen
the NIS has been improved by two basis points,
while we have seen NIM decreased by one basis point.
The two reasons include, first, we have seen a slightly declined loan-to-deposit ratio.
It was almost 70%, 69.7%.
In the past quarter, it went down to 69%.
So it has some marginal effect on that.
And also because we have roughly about 31% that has to be utilized otherwise than loans.
The bond yield is declining, or if you're remaining low,
also have negative impact on the NIM, which was the case in the past quarter.
And that, to drivers, makes the NIM slightly lower.
Our expectation is that if the overall benchmark rate interest rate remains the same,
not even hiked, we think the whole year number for NIM and NIS, respectively,
will both be quite similar to what we have seen in the first half of 2021.
And that was the guidance.
Quite similar.
It should be quite similar to the first half, not the second quarter, first half of 2021.
Hanwei, can you answer Jennifer's question?
Although we have lower FYP in the first half,
but our system is about the same as what we had in the first half last year.
Because we're focusing on the protection products, the foreign currency products,
and the loan payment products that we're going to produce.
So our goal remains and accumulate about $30 billion in CSM every year.
I think that has to remain, has not been changed.
Jennifer, do we answer your question?
Yes, thank you for the information.
Thank you, Jennifer, for your question.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're now in question and answer session.
If you would like to ask your question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad.
Thank you.
Okay, then there appears to be no further questions at this point.
Mr. Li, can we close the conference call now?
Yes, please. Let's close the meeting now.
Yes, thank you.
And ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation in
XinKong Financial Holding Company's conference call.
There will be a webcast replay within an hour.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations section.
And should you have further questions,
please don't hesitate to contact the IR team of SKFH by phone or by email.
You may now disconnect.
Goodbye.
