Welcome everyone to Xinkong Financial Holdings Company's 2018 First Quarter Earnings Conference
Call.
All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise.
After the presentation, there will be a question and answer session.
Please follow the instructions given at that time if you would like to ask a question.
And for your information, this conference call is now being broadcasted live over the
Internet.
Webcast replay will be available within an hour after the conference is finished.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations section.
And now, I would like to introduce Mr. Stan Lee, the Senior Vice President of Xinkong
Financial Holdings Company.
Mr. Lee, you may begin.
Thank you, Madam Mayor.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome again for joining the Xinkong Financial Holdings 2018 First Quarter Analysts' Call.
Before we start, I would like to introduce my colleagues who are with me today.
We are happy to have President Ming-Yi Huang of the Financial Holdings Company to review
the first quarter results with.
Also in the room are James Yuan, Chief Investment Officer of Xinkong Life, Tan Wei-Lin, Chief
Actuary of Xinkong Life, Isabella, member of the IR team.
We are also joined by Ophelia Ouyang, Principal of Deloitte Actuarial Insurance Solutions.
Ophelia has been working closely with us over the past few months in reviewing our EV work.
And she is here to help us answer any question you may have.
The presentation we are about to go through was sent out two hours ago.
You may also download it from our website or participate through webcast.
If you do not have the presentation, please let us know now.
Your lines will be muted when we are presenting.
If you are caught off, please dial back in or call Isabella at 886-921-835-924 for assistance.
Now please turn to page 4.
SKFH recorded a consolidated after-tax profit of $16.27 billion for the first quarter 2018.
Earnings per share was $1.54.
Net worth continued to grow at financial holding level and book value per share reached $14.75,
0.3% higher than the end of last year.
Life insurance EV per share of SKFH was $24.9 as of the end of 2017.
Core business of each subsidiary remains strong in the first quarter, which will be discussed
later in the presentation.
Page 10.
Compared to the high base of the first quarter 2017, FYP for the first quarter 2018 declined
5.3% year-on-year to $26.73 billion, representing a market share of 7.3%.
Not simply aiming for sales volume, Xinkong Life chose to promote foreign currency policies
and protection products to contain the hedging cost, facilitate ALM matching, and grow value
of new business.
FYP of foreign currency policies for the first quarter grew 80.1% year-on-year to $15.26
billion, and sales of protection products increased 29.3% year-on-year to NT$1.37 billion.
With sufficient inflows of savings policies, cost of liabilities improved another three
business points to 4.2%, in line with our guidance.
Page 14 presents an overall view of Xinkong Life's investment portfolio.
Annualized investment return for the first quarter 2018 reached 5.82%, thanks to one-off
disposal gains of equities and bonds before rate hikes.
Breakdown of investment returns for different asset classes were real estate 3.3%, mortgage
and corporate loans 1.8%, policy loans 5.9%, overseas investments 5.2%, domestic securities
10.8%, and cash 0.4%.
Page 15 shows the portfolio of overseas fixed incomes.
At the end of the first quarter, corporate bonds accounted for the largest share, representing
45.5% of the total, followed by international bonds at 31.8%.
Emerging markets government bonds slightly declined from 22.6% to 21.2% at quarter end.
The chart on the upper right displays overseas fixed income portfolio by region.
Xinkong Life invested more funds in North America during the fourth quarter, with eyes
on the rising bond yields and superior credit quality.
Thus, the share of North America increased to 34.7%, the share of Europe edged off to
27.2%, while that of Asia and other came down to 38.1%.
Annualized hedging cost for the first quarter was 1.97%, and foreign currency volatility
reserve was 2.12 billion at quarter end.
However, as of the end of April, foreign currency volatility reserve went up to 3.49 billion
as the NT dollar lost some ground against the U.S. dollar.
Hedging ratio was 83.9%, including CS, NDF, and the naturally hedged Forex Policy position.
CS and NDF accounted for 60% and 40%, respectively, of traditional hedges.
I will now hand over to Isabella, who will take you through the results of Xinkong Bank.
Okay, thank you, Sam.
Please turn to page 21.
Xinkong Bank delivered a stable performance for the first quarter 2018.
Consolidated net income increased 29.3% on year to 1.25 billion NT dollars, with net
interest income up 6% on year and net fee income up 10.4% on year.
As the TRF losses were fully provisioned last year, the provision expense for the first
quarter decreased 30.7% year on year.
Page 22, total loan balance remained flat quarter on quarter at 534.27 billion NT dollars.
Xinkong Bank has been focusing on overseas lending operations over the past quarters.
As of the end of March, the overseas syndicated loan balance grew 5.8% year to date to 18.38
billion NT dollars.
This year, the bank will continue to expand its overseas client base and build up closer
relationships with key partners to increase its offshore earnings.
Page 23, as more deposits were retained to facilitate business growth, loan-to-deposit
ratio for the first quarter decreased to 72.9%.
The interest margin edged down three basis points quarter on quarter to 1.55%, while
net interest rate was similar to the previous quarter at 1.97%.
Page 29, wealth management income for the first quarter grew 17.5% year on year to 544
million NT dollars, with strong sales momentum in mutual funds and overseas security.
The income from these two categories accounted for 48.2% of the total.
This year, more experienced financial consultants will be recruited to enhance average productivity.
On the product side, foreign currency and regular paid policies will be the sales focus.
The growth target for wealth management income in 2018 remains double digits.
Page 26, asset quality remains stable with NPL ratio at 0.24% and coverage ratio at 555.25%.
New NPL generated in the first quarter was 334 million NT dollars, and this only accounted
for 0.06% of the total loan.
I will now turn it over to Hanwei to talk about the updates on EV and AV.
Thank you, Isabella.
Please turn to page 28.
For 2017 embedded value, the earning rate of VIF goes from 3.83% to 5.10% in 30 years
for Taiwan dollar products, and 4.45% to 5.62% for U.S. dollar products.
The equivalent investment yield is 4.42%.
For BNB, it goes from 3.50% to 5.10%, and 4.43% to 5.62% in 30 years for Taiwan dollar
and U.S. dollar products, respectively.
The adjusted NAV increased 5%, VIF increased 16%, and COC increased 6%.
As a result, our EV at the end of 2017 increased 11% with 253.6 billion.
In 2017, there is a significant growth of U.S. dollar products, and VNB increased 3%
to 23.0 billion.
VNB margin was 20.7%.
AV for five years of new business and 20 years of new business were 343.9 billion and
452.2 billion, accordingly.
Page 29.
Under the base case scenario, risk discount rate remains 10.5%.
We also provide the sensitivity test of investment return and risk discount rate for your reference.
Page 30.
Statutory net worth increased from 73.7 billion to 90.5 billion in 2017.
The main contributor came from the improvement of unrealized gains or loss on available for
sale financial assets, which added 11.1 billion to statutory net worth, as well as the 6.9
billion profit we earned in 2017.
Page 31.
For adjusted NAV, the shareholder value at the end of 2017 was 90.5 billion.
Unrealized gains on property added 68.2 billion.
We also added 7.2 billion of special reserves of unrealized gains on property and 1.3 billion
for other items, including foreign exchange volatility reserve.
Page 32.
VIF grew from 138.7 billion to 160.5 billion in 2017.
The biggest impact came from the new business issued, which added 27.7 billion to VIF.
Assumption changes were total minus 18.4 billion.
Page 33.
VNB increased from 22.2 billion to 23.0 billion in 2017.
Although sales fallen down 3%, better product mix with higher percentage of high margin
U.S. dollar products resulting positive 1.7 billion impact to VNB.
That wraps up our results presentation.
Moderator, please start the Q&A session.
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin our question and answer session.
If you wish to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad, and you will
enter the queue.
After you are announced, please ask your question.
Should you wish to cancel your question, you may press 02.
Thank you.
Now please press 01 if you would like to ask a question.
Thank you.
The first question is coming from Jamie Huang from JP Morgan.
Go ahead, please.
Hi, thanks for the presentation.
Just two questions from me.
The first one is if you look at page 10, I think you have the statement saying that recurring
yield before hedging expected to cover cost of liability this year.
Could you give us a little bit more detail in terms of your view like cost of liability,
what's your target by the end of 2018, and also recurring yield here when you mentioned.
It's purely on recurring yield for the investment or does include mortality and loading gains
assumptions behind as well.
This is the first question.
The second question is hedging cost.
If you are still targeting 1.5% for the whole year, may I know what's your assumption on
Taiwan dollar, your expectation for the FX rates this year behind the 1.5% target?
Thank you, Jamie.
Regarding the first question, I confirm your impression that we guided the market.
2018 will be able to break the business to even before hedge, and that is the target
we are still working on and we have confidence that we can beat it.
If you take a look at page 12, you can see that last year, 2017, our cost of liabilities
was 4.23%.
Our guidance internally is to at least decrease the cost by.
So if we play a little bit conservative, you can say 4.13% will be our target.
However, as of the end of first quarter, it already went down to 4.2%.
That means we are slightly above our guidance.
And if you take a look at the first four months until the end of April, it went further down
to 4.18%.
So I will say there's a good chance.
As you can see, that cost to lower more than 10.5%.
It could be approaching to 4.8%.
And based on that, if we take another look at the recurring yield, as in Chinese sessions,
with mentions that will be on page 16, we mentioned that the cash dividend we received
domestically and overseas combined will be $1.5 billion over what we had last year.
Last year, it was $10.5 billion.
This year, we expect to be able to receive $12 billion.
And that $1.5 billion somehow may represent around five basis points.
If you take a look on the left-hand side, you see that before hedging yield for the
first quarter, if we annualize that, that was 3.46%, about five basis points lower than
what we had last year.
But now we know that the dividend incomes will be able to mitigate that drop in the
recurring yield.
We have sufficient cash now.
Cash on hand now is over $137 billion, over $137 billion.
That means along with the rising yield curve, along with the rate hike, we gradually put
into those money, allocate it into global fixed incomes.
There's a good chance that our before hedging yield for 2018 will not be lower than what
we had last year.
That's pretty much the rationale.
If it could be before hedging 3.98%, and if the cost could be approaching to 4.1%, then
what we still enjoy as the expense gain and mortality, mobility gains will be more than
enough to offset the gap in the recurring yield.
I would like to hand over your second question to Mr. Yuan to answer about hedging.
Okay, one point to add on the recurring yield side.
If you look at the 10-year treasury, it rose from 2.4% to now about 3%, so it's 60 basis
point increase.
And on top of that, you have a credit spread wide about, on average, eight basis points.
This is in line with our reinvestment rate.
If I look at now, in May, the reinvestment rate rose about the same level, about 60 to
70 basis point on our following fixed income investment.
On the hedging cost side, look at the first quarter.
It was pretty high.
It was 197 basis point plus 2.
But if you group April into it and add the $20 something against the greenback, and we
are pretty much looking at 1.5% annualized for the first four months.
Our view on $90 should be stronger in the long term, but there is a certain weakness
coming into the July and August dividend payout period.
We will take advantage of the cost of the NTF and CS and flexibly adjust the naked position,
and that's what we have been doing for the first quarter, for the first half.
If you look at the first four months, the NT dollars actually appreciate, but we actually
had gains on our naked position, and how we do it is probably a business secret.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you, Jamie.
And next we'll have Chong from Credit Suisse.
Go ahead, please.
Hi, I just have one question.
If I look at page 38 of your presentation, the RBC of Xinkong Live dropped from 279%
on to 257% in the last year, while the portfolio of Xinkong Live increased from $73 billion
to $90 billion.
I'm just trying to understand on the back of this RBC drop on Xinkong Live, is it all
because of the new product sales and change in the risk rate, or is there something else
we should be aware of?
Well, it's not about business, new business.
It's we have more, we increased more investment on like domestic stocks portion, and also
the other main reason is also the C3 factor, that the government keep rising.
So rising from 0.4 the year before to 0.5 at the end of last year.
So that impact about 10% of the RBC.
I just want to clarify, this is mainly international equities, domestic equities.
It looks like your domestic equity is quite stable.
Okay, yes.
I think because we are trying to get the return on like the stock dividends, we want to have
more than that.
So we have kind of increased the portion of stock and also the foreign equity also.
Just a follow-up question then, in terms of capital management for Xinkong Live, I understand
there's some CD conversions taking place at holding company level.
Is there a plan to, I guess there's still some capital available at a holding company
to inject to Xinkong Live, right?
We have a few billions able to be downstream to Xinkong Live.
However, we don't currently have a concrete.
Now, if we look at the latest RBC ratios, quite comfortably, we do have some raisings.
Regarding to perpetual debt and even overbooked by the market.
Now, it's still under the procedures.
Okay.
Once the deal got approved, we can raise.
How much would that increase your RBC?
About 10%.
10%.
Okay, okay.
Okay, thank you.
To sum up what Hanwei has mentioned, we tend to remand the overall proportions of right
of the stable.
However, the asset is self-scored.
If you take a look at the past five years, capital asset growth is midpoint.
Somehow, we have to be able to grow the net worth to be able to grow the qualified.
On the other hand, we do see some amendments on the capital requirements.
C3 is one of it.
The rules become slightly stringent.
That means we have to work harder on maintaining the high enough net worth.
On the other hand, maybe some relatively smaller deals that we…
And now, our priority is to have the subsidiaries raise the funds for themselves.
If necessary, we still have a few billions of dollars sitting aside.
If I may ask a follow-up question, I just look at…
Compare your international equity allocation against the allocation in Alaska.
If my graph calculation is correct, you add a $2.5 billion US dollar
in international equities.
Would you be able to give us some breakdown of where that's invested?
70% or 75…
Three-quarters of that portion is on the ETF, mainly in the US market, S&P 500.
And the remaining 25% is on the leading names, household names that we all know about.
And our US, our international equity portfolio could be very trading-oriented.
And it will take advantage of the market strength and take profit.
And that's part of the reason why we could certain meaningful profit in the first quarter.
Okay, thank you.
As a reminder, please press 01 on your keypad if you would like to ask the question.
Thank you.
We are now in question and answer session.
Please press 01 on your telephone keypad if you would like to ask the question.
Thank you.
Well, I believe that we have had a very comprehensive
discussion both in Chinese and both in English.
So I would like to encourage you, if you have any questions, please let us know now.
Yes, we have the next question, which is from Thomas Wong from Goldman Sachs.
Go ahead, please.
Thank you.
This is a question on the bank side, wealth management or wealth management income.
There's quite strong growth on mutual funds or overseas security.
Can I just give you more color what kind of those equity funds, bond funds,
what type of securities and also what the commission level you usually get is 1% or 2%
or just roughly around which rank?
Sure.
More household net, big fund house.
So I cannot particularly give you any guidance on what we prefer to sell.
In the past quarter, we have seen that both in equities and
global balance funds has been very, very popular.
It's been very, very popular.
But we are seeing that global markets now have a higher fluctuation.
And therefore, we guided the market down in the second half.
It's starting from the second quarter.
We'll see gradual increase in the contributions, which should be relatively more stable.
And we're also seeing some pickups in the foreign currencies,
many US dollar denominated policies sold by our bank, which accounted for 66% of the overall sales.
We also see the increase of the regular premium products, which was only 19% last year.
And this first quarter already accounted for 22%.
So it's not the quantity.
We have seen the quality starts to improve already.
And for those foreign securities,
most of those are debt, straightforward corporate bonds, preferred shares.
Some of those are very, very straightforward and plain vanilla structured products.
And nowadays, if you have to sell structured products, most of those has to be printable.
Thomas, can I answer your question?
Yes, thanks.
Can I just ask a follow-up question on your consular liability?
If you look at your FYP mix this year, it's much more
weighted so far in the first quarter towards US dollar policy.
So US dollar policy should have higher consular liability.
So just can you try to understand why if you kind of annualize the four or five basis points,
you have improvement in consular liability in the first four months.
That seems to be on the same pace as last year.
So even though you're selling slightly probably higher consular liability product,
is that the way to...
Can you just tell me to reconcile that?
Well, compared to imports, that's still lower than the overall consular liability for the US product.
That's one reason.
The other is we also have a renewal premium coming in from the one we sold before.
The renewal premium also grows from last year's.
So our total premium actually for this year will be approaching,
I think it's approaching about $300 billion.
So that trend is keep rising and actually that's a total premium numbers
driving the consular liability down to this point.
To give you some details, recurring premium itself grew at a pace of 12% year on year.
And the total premium, including the first year and the recurring grew at a pace of 4.4%.
If you only look at our FYP, you've seen a drop,
but including everything, it is still increasing.
And there's another factor is that we don't sell much investment late.
So each and every dollar, although it could be slightly higher cost foreign currency policies,
it will still contribute to the dilution of...
Thank you.
Please press 01 on your keypad if you would like to ask a question.
Thank you.
Well, if there's no further questions, then let's close the meeting now.
Thank you, Mr. Li.
We thank you for your participation in Xinkong Financial Holding Company's conference call.
There will be a webcast replay within an hour.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the investor relations section.
Should you have further questions, please don't hesitate to contact the IR team of SKFH
by phone or by email.
You may now disconnect.
Goodbye.
