Welcome everyone to Xinkong Financial Holding Company's 2022 3rd Quarter Earnings Conference
Call.
All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise.
After the presentation, there will be a question and answer session.
Please follow the instructions given at the time if you would like to ask a question.
For your information, this conference call is now being broadcast live over the Internet.
Webcast replay will be available within an hour after the conference has finished.
Please visit www.skfh.com.dw under the Investor Relations section.
And now, I would like to introduce Mr. Stan Lee, Senior Vice President of Xinkong Financial
Holding Company.
Mr. Lee, please begin.
Thank you, Moderator.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome again for joining Xinkong Financial Holding 2022 3rd Quarter Earnings Conference.
Before the meeting starts, I would like to introduce my colleagues who are with me today.
Mr. Stan Lee, Senior Vice President of Xinkong Financial Holding Company.
Mr. Lee, please begin.
Thank you, Moderator.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome again for joining Xinkong Financial Holding 2022 3rd Quarter Earnings Conference.
Before the meeting starts, I would like to introduce my colleagues who are with me today.
Here in the meeting room are Hanwei Lin, Chief Actuary of Xinkong Live, Yifeng Liao,
Head of the Investment Team of Xinkong Live, Isabella and Christine, members of the IR
team.
The presentation we are about to go through was sent out two hours ago.
You may also download it from our website or participate through the webcast.
If you do not have the presentation, please let us know now.
Your lines will be muted when we are presenting.
If you are called off, please dial back in or call Christine at 886-968-929-230 for assistance.
Now please turn to page 4.
HKFH recorded consolidated after-tax profit of $10.38 billion for the first nine months
of 2022.
Earnings per share was $0.65.
Consolidated shareholders' equity was around $176.6 billion.
And book value per share at the end of the quarter was $11.16.
Our subsidiaries have delivered stable results for the first nine months, which will be covered
later on in the presentation.
I would like to highlight that the company's efforts on ESG matters were recognized by
winning two awards in 2022 Taiwan Corporate Sustainability Awards earlier this month.
As ESG is growing in popularity among investors, we will continue to realize ESG commitment
through tangible actions.
Page 10.
Driven by positive sales momentum in foreign currency policies, FYP for the first nine
months grew 18.5% year-on-year to $42 billion, securing a market share of 6.7%.
Xinhang Life has adopted a product strategy aiming at foreign currency policies and value-focused
products for stable interest spreads, better asset-ability matching, and CSM.
FYP of foreign currency increased 19.5% year-on-year to $33.4 billion, accounting for 79.5% of
total FYP.
FYPE reached $13.3 billion, and FYPE over FYP was 31.7%, beating the industry average.
As for cost of liabilities, it decreased four basis points year-to-date to 3.69%.
Page 13 presents the overall view of Xinhang Life's investment portfolio, annualized investment
return for the first nine months slightly increased to 3.87%.
Breakdown of investment returns for different asset classes were real estate 0.2%, mortgage
and corporate loans 1.9%, policy loans 5.3%, overseas investment 4.3%, domestic securities
3.8%, and cash 0.7%.
Page 14 shows the portfolio of overseas fixed incomes. At the end of September, overseas
fixed incomes topped $2.2 trillion. The funds were mainly deployed in investment-grade corporate
bonds. As a result, corporate bonds accounted for the largest share, representing 48.7%
of the total, followed by international bonds at 26.4%. Government bonds accounted for 24.6%.
Over 90% of the overseas fixed income position was deployed in U.S. dollar-denominated bonds.
You may also have a look at the chart of the overseas fixed income portfolio by region
in the upper right corner. North America and Europe accounted for the majority of overseas
fixed incomes, showing a combined share of 62.5%.
Page 16. The pie chart on the left-hand side shows the mix of hedging instruments. At the
end of the first nine months, hedging ratio was 80.7%, including CS, NDF, and naturally
hedged foreign currency policies. CS and NDF accounted for 58% and 42% respectively of
traditional hedges. Driven by U.S. dollar appreciation and effective hedging strategy,
annualized hedging gain was 0.55%. The balance of foreign currency volatility reserve reached
$34.1 billion at the end of the first nine months. Given the recent cost increase in
CS and NDF, Xinkong's mid- to long-term hedging cost is targeted below 200 business points.
I will now hand over to Isabella, who will take you through the results of Xinkong Bank
and Masterlink Securities.
Hi, thank you, Stan. Please turn to page 20. Xinkong Bank delivered stable results for
the first nine months. Driven by rate hike and continued loan growth, net interest income
grew 13.4% year-on-year to $10.6 billion. Net fee income fell 2.5% year-on-year to $2.5
billion on the back of decline in wealth management fee. Pre-provision operating profit remained
flat at $6.7 billion and consolidated net income was $5.1 billion.
Page 21. The bank's loan balance grew 4.3% year-to-date to $751 billion. Consumer lending
grew 3.8% year-to-date, representing the largest share of the loan book. Unsecured consumer
loans and other consumer loans increased 9.8% and 9.9% year-to-date respectively. As for
corporate lending, the momentum mainly came from SME loans, which was up by 5.6% year-to-date.
Page 22. Net interest margin and net interest spread for the quarter came down to 1.31%
and 1.75% respectively due to stronger upward pressure on funding costs caused by rapid
rate hike. However, the accumulated net interest margin increased 6 basis points year-on-year
to 1.3%, showing the bank's efforts to cope with the changing rate environment.
Page 24. Wealth management income for the first nine months declined 1% year-on-year
to $1.92 billion. The fin-cum from mutual funds decreased 52% year-on-year as clients
became sensitive towards market volatility. As a result, the bank managed to grow the
contribution from bank assurance, which accounted for 39% of total wealth management income.
Page 25. Asset quality remained solid with NPO ratio at 0.12% and coverage ratio over
1,000%. Both ratios were better than the industry average.
Page 27. Masterlink Securities generated a brokerage income of $3.8 billion for the first
nine months, which was down by 28.3% year-on-year due to lower daily turnover in the stock market.
Loss from pub trading business narrowed in the third quarter and consolidated after tax
loss was $17 million for the first nine months.
That concludes the presentation for today. Moderator, please start the Q&A session.
Thank you, Moderator. I believe we have a very comprehensive discussion in today's
Chinese session. If there are no questions for the English session, I think that's okay
because our IR team will be more than happy to answer any following questions you have.
Thank you, Mr. Li. Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation in Xinkong
Financial Holdings Company's conference call. There will be a webcast replay within an hour.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations section. And should you have further
questions, please don't hesitate to contact the IR team of SKFH by phone or by email.
You may now disconnect. Goodbye.
