Welcome everyone to XinKong Financial Holdings Company's 2019 3rd Quarter Earnings Conference
Call.
All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise.
After the presentation, there will be a question and answer session.
Please follow the instructions given at that time if you would like to ask a question.
For your information, this conference call is now being broadcast live over the Internet.
Webcast replay will be available within an hour after the conference has finished.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations section.
And now, I would like to introduce Mr. Stan Lee, Senior Vice President of XinKong Financial
Holdings Company.
Mr. Lee, please begin.
Thank you, Moderator.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome again for joining the XinKong Financial Holdings' 2019 3rd Quarter Analysts' Conference.
Before we start, I would like to introduce my colleague, Mr. Stan Lee, Senior Vice President
of XinKong Financial Holdings Company.
Mr. Lee, please begin.
Thank you, Moderator.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome again for joining the XinKong Financial Holdings' 2019 3rd Quarter Analysts' Conference.
Before we start, I would like to introduce my colleague, Mr. Stan Lee, Senior Vice President
of XinKong Financial Holdings Company.
Mr. Lee, please begin.
We are happy to have Sunny Hsu, Executive Senior Vice President of the Financial Holdings
Company, to review the 3rd Quarter results with us.
Also in the room are Jen Yuan, Chief Investment Officer of XinKong Life, Han Wei Lin, Chief
Actuary of XinKong Life, Isabella and Christine, members of the IR team.
The presentation we are about to go through was sent out two hours ago.
You may also download it from our website or participate through webcast.
If you do not have the presentation, please let us know now.
Your lines will be muted when we are presenting.
If you are called off, please dial back in or call Christine at 886-968-929-230 for assistance.
Now please turn to page 4.
SKFH continued its positive momentum in the first nine months of 2019, reporting a consolidated
after-tax profit of $19.06 billion.
Consolidated total comprehensive income reached $43.74 billion, $45.11 billion higher year-on-year,
compared with a loss of $1.37 billion a year earlier.
Earnings per share was $1.55.
Consolidated shareholder equity increased 32.9% year-to-date to $192.18 billion, and
book value per share at the end of September was $15.17.
Core business of each subsidiary remained stable in the third quarter, which will be
covered later in the presentation.
Page 10.
FYP for the first nine months of 2019 increased 0.4% year-on-year to $84.22 billion, securing
a market share of 8.4%.
Xincon Life has been actively promoting foreign currency policies to contain the hedging cost,
facilitate ALM matching, and grow value of new business.
FYP of such policies for the first nine months grew 21.3% year-on-year to $55.96 billion.
The improved product mix led to a year-on-year increase of 8.2% in BNB.
In addition, analyzed cost of liabilities declined four business points quarter-on-quarter
to 4% in line with our guidance.
Page 13 presents the overall view of Xincon Life's investment portfolio.
Annualized investment return for the first nine months of 2019 reached 4.33% thanks to
a higher recurring income and properly controlled hedging cost.
Breakdown of investment returns for different asset classes were real estate 3.2%, mortgage
and corporate loans 4.3%, policy loans 5.6%, overseas investment 3.9%, domestic securities
7.3%, and cash 0.8%.
Page 14 presents the portfolio of overseas fixed incomes.
At the end of the third quarter, overseas fixed incomes amounted to $1.79 trillion.
Corporate bonds accounted for the largest share, representing 46.2% of the total, followed
by international bonds at 30.3%.
Emerging market government bonds accounted for 22.7% at quarter end.
You may see the chart of the overseas fixed incomes portfolio by region on the upper right
corner.
North America and Europe accounted for the majority of overseas fixed incomes, with a
combined share of 59.8%.
Page 16, the pie chart on the left-hand side, shows the mix of hedging instruments.
At the end of third quarter, hedging ratio was 74.1%, including CS, NDF, and the naturally
hedged foreign currency policies.
CS and NDF accounted for 69% and 31%, respectively, of traditional hedges.
Amount of fluctuations in foreign exchange and revised hedging cost for the first nine
months was well controlled at 1.5%.
Foreign currency volatility reserve reached $8.4 billion, up by $3.6 billion year-to-date.
I will now hand over to Isabella, who will take you through the results of Xinkong Bank
and Masterlink Securities.
Hi, thank you, Sam.
Please turn to page 20.
Xinkong Bank delivered a stable performance for the first nine months of 2019.
Its net fincom grew 10% year-on-year to $2.62 billion on the back of growth in both mental
and business.
Pre-provision profits grew 5.4% year-on-year to $6.01 billion, and consolidated after-tax
profits was $4.09 billion, up 4.9% year-on-year.
On page 21, the bank's loan balance rose 3.3% year-to-date to $585.71 billion.
Consumer lending maintained an upward trend with mortgage and unsecured loans increasing
3.8% and 4.3% year-to-date, respectively.
As for corporate lending, the momentum mainly came from domestic large corporates and overseas
syndicated loans.
The loan growth target for 2019 remains unchanged at 6%.
Page 22.
Due to fierce competition in the loan market and Fed rate cuts, net interest rate for the
third quarter came down by two basis points quarter-on-quarter to 1.8%.
Net interest margin remained flat at 1.43%.
Given the ongoing competition in the loan market, the bank expected the four-year figures
to fall below the level of 2018.
Page 24.
Positive market statements have helped to create sales momentum, driving up the income
from mutual funds and overseas securities by 23.2% and 32.2% year-on-year, respectively.
Wealth management income for the first nine months grew 18.5% year-on-year to $1.88 billion.
As for product strategy, mutual funds and overseas securities are expected to draw more
attention from clients in the fourth quarter.
Meanwhile, Shenkong Bank will promote foreign currency policies and regular paid products.
The growth target for wealth management income in 2019 is double digits.
Page 25.
Asset quality was stable with NPL ratio at 0.2% and coverage ratio at 635.07%.
New NPL generated in the third quarter was $385 million, down by $165 million compared
to the previous quarter.
Page 27.
Mass linked securities recorded an after-tax profit of $1.3 billion, up 31.1% year-on-year.
Brokerage market share was 3.69%, with a ranking of top six in the industry.
Proprietary trading income drew 15.5% year-on-year to $2.13 billion, which was driven by the
increased disposal gains from equities and fixed incomes.
This is the end of the result presentation.
Please start the Q&A session.
Thank you.
And ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin our question and answer session.
If you wish to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad and you will enter
the queue.
After you are announced, please ask your question.
And should you wish to cancel your question, you may press 02.
Thank you.
Now please press 01 on your telephone keypad if you would like to ask a question.
Thank you.
The first question is coming from Daisy Chen of Nanshan Life.
Go ahead, please.
Okay.
Thanks for the presentation.
I have a question about cost of liabilities.
As for the end of the quarter, the cost of liabilities was 4%.
So what's the target for year-end?
And can we expect a decline of 10 basis points for the next year?
Thank you.
For this year, the target is 10 basis points or above.
So you know that from 4.08 in 2018, if we deduct another 10 basis points or slightly
more, that would definitely be less than 3.98.
As for next year, I would like to have Hanwei Lin answer your question.
Because we expect probably lower FYP in the next year.
So the cost of liability we expect maybe lower about 5 to 10 basis points.
It's hard to say a definite number.
Depends on the market condition and still keeping selling US dollar policy and protection
policy.
So range, there might be a wider range.
But I think lower about 5 up to 10 basis points.
Did I answer your question?
Okay.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you.
The next question is coming from Jamie Huang of JP Morgan.
Go ahead, please.
Yeah.
Just one question for me.
If you take into account your view on the industry environment and also your ACL location,
do you still expect the recurring yield can show young year improvement in 2020?
Thanks.
Well, if you look at the reinvestment rate now versus beginning of the year, it dropped
about 80 basis points, right?
So certainly there is a little bit difficult to maintain that momentum in terms of increasing
recurring yield.
It's going to be very difficult from the overseas investment front.
But on the domestic one, we will continue to increase the high dividend yield stock
to beef up the real $80 rate.
So hopefully that part will offset part of the drop in the recurring foreign interest
rate.
But fortunately, the dividend cost and the new policy right now, the rate is declining
as well.
So that part will certainly offset in terms of the profitability.
Yeah.
Okay.
So if we compare the pre-agent recurring yield versus your cost of liability, so you think
the spread is not going to narrow in 2020?
Is that a fair statement?
It's because of the inventory.
For instance, our current foreign overseas fixed yield is around 4.85%.
And for the international board, for most of all, sorry.
It's about 4.5%, and that hasn't changed much.
So the new money certainly is going to draw a little bit on the recurring side, but it's
not going to be huge in terms of if you are only looking at next year.
And for sure, if you are looking even further ahead and the interest rate continues to drop,
that the recurring yield in terms of foreign fixed is going to drop.
That's for sure.
All right.
So Jimmy, it seems to me right now it's hard to be very optimistic on enhancing or even
maintaining the spread.
The fact is that since the third quarter last year, we finally seen the positive spread
before agent.
Before agent, we started to have a yield higher than the cost we have.
Now, the spread is around 15 basis points.
Is that positive spread going to shrink or not?
I think to be relatively neutral on the market conditions, I think there's a likelihood
that the cost was continuing to drop, not as bad as this year, as Hanwei just indicated.
Yet the yield may drop slightly faster.
But still, that is not the net results for the recurring probabilities.
There's another missing puzzle, that is the recurring mortality, mobilities and fee incomes.
Next year, along with the change of the regulations, we are going to focus even more on selling
the foreign currency policies and the protection products.
Those, in a sense, will help us to enhance the recurring fundamental incomes.
So we'll see.
We'll see whether those positive factors will be enough or not enough to offset the
slightly stressful situations in the global yield.
And one other silver lining is that if you look at the fiat currency swap hedging cost,
hedging cost in the beginning of the year, roughly just close to 3 or sometimes north
of 3 percent.
And now it's around 1.7 percent.
So that, to me, is still very high.
But if you look at the spread between the 10 years or 30 years U.S. and the Taiwanese
Treasury, so I think that's a positive sign that the currency swap rate
cost is going the right direction and NGF will follow suit.
And that would be pretty positive for us.
Yeah, that's very clear.
Thanks.
Thank you, James.
Now, please press 01 on your keypad if you would like to ask a question.
Thank you.
We're now in question and answer session.
If you would like to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad.
Thank you.
If there's any further questions, please ask us now.
If there's not, then moderator has closed.
Thank you, Mr. Li.
And ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in Xinkong Financial Holding
Company's conference call.
There will be a webcast replay within an hour.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the investor relations section.
And should you have further questions, please don't hesitate to contact the IR team of SKFH
by phone or by email.
You may now disconnect.
Goodbye.
