Welcome everyone to XinKong Financial Holdings Company's 2020 Second Quarter Earnings Conference
Call.
All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise.
After the presentation, there will be a question and answer session.
Please follow the instructions given at that time if you would like to ask a question.
For your information, this conference call is now being broadcasted live over the Internet.
Webcast replay will be available within an hour after the conference is finished.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations section.
And now, I would like to introduce Mr. Stan Lee, Senior Vice President of XinKong Financial
Holdings Company.
Mr. Lee, please begin.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome again for joining XinKong Financial Holdings' 2020 Second Quarter Earnings Call.
Before we start, I would like to introduce my colleagues who are with me today.
We are happy to have Sunny Hsu, Executive Vice President of the Financial Holdings Company
to review the second quarter results with us.
Also in the room are James Yuan, Chief Investment Officer of XinKong Life, Hanwei Lin, Chief
Actuary of XinKong Life, Isabella and Christine, members of the IR team.
The presentation we are about to go through was sent out two hours ago.
You may also download it from our website or participate through webcast.
If you do not have the presentation, please let us know now.
Your lines will be muted when we are presenting.
If you are caught off, please dial back in or call Christine at 886-968-929-230 for assistance.
Now please turn to page 4.
SKFH recorded a consolidated after-tax profit of $7.83 billion for the first half of 2020.
Earnings per share was $0.61.
Consolidated shareholders' equity reached $233.87 billion and book value per share at
the end of second quarter was $17.88.
Core business of each subsidiary remained stable in the first half, which will be covered
later in the presentation.
I would also like to highlight that the company completed a capital raising of $10 billion
through issuance of preferred shares fee this week.
The fund will be injected to Xinkong Life by the end of September to strengthen its
capital position and increase RBC ratio by 13%.
Page 10.
FYP decreased 32.2% year-on-year to $43.64 billion, primarily due to adjustment in product
mix.
As the share of regular premium increased to 67.3% for the first half, FYPE over FYP
was 36.7%.
Also, foreign currency policies remained the self-focus this year.
FYP of such policies amounted to $32.24 billion, accounting for 73.9% of total FYP.
With new business inflows and lower declared rate, cost of liabilities declined 6 basis
points year-to-date to 3.91%.
For the full year 2020, cost of liabilities is expected to fall by 12 basis points.
Page 13 shows the overall view of Xinkong Life's investment portfolio.
Annualized investment return for the first half 2020 was 3.77%.
Breakdown of investment returns for different asset classes were real estate 4.2%, mortgage
and corporate loans 1.8%, policy loans 5.5%, overseas investment 3.5%, domestic securities
5.3%, and cash 0.4%.
Page 14 presents the portfolio of overseas fixed incomes.
At the end of first half, overseas fixed incomes topped 1.8 trillion.
Corporate bonds accounted for the largest share, representing 47.2% of the total, followed
by international bonds at 28.4% and government bonds at 23.6%.
About 90% of the overseas fixed incomes position was deployed in U.S. dollar-denominated bonds.
As for the overseas fixed income portfolio by region, North America and Europe remain
Xinkong Life's key investment areas, accounting for a combined share of 60.9%.
The pie chart of the left-hand side shows the mix of hedging instruments.
At the end of first half, hedging ratio was 84.4%, including CS, NDF, and the naturally
hedged foreign currency policies.
CS and NDF accounted for 54% and 46%, respectively, of traditional hedges.
Appreciation of ND dollar drove up annualized hedging costs to 2.27% for the first half.
In order to better control hedging costs, Xinkong Life voluntarily added $4 billion
to foreign currency volatility reserve.
The balance reached $4.9 billion at the end of July.
I will now hand over to Isabella, who will take you through the results of Xinkong Bank
and Master Link Securities.
Thank you, Stan.
Please turn to page 20.
Xinkong Bank delivered a stable performance for the first half, driven by the growth in
wealth management income and investment income.
The provisioned operating profit reached $3.96 billion, which was 5.4% higher from a year earlier.
Consolidated net income increased 18.8% year-on-year to $2.96 billion.
Page 21, the bank's loan balance rose 3% year-to-date to $624 billion.
Consumer lending continued an upward trend with mortgage and unsecured loans increasing
3.1% and 5% year-to-date, respectively.
As for corporate lending, the momentum mainly came from SME loans.
The four-year target for loan growth remains at 6%.
Page 22, due to market competition and rate cuts, net interest margin and net interest
rate for the second quarter came down to 1.21% and 1.63%, respectively.
Given the ongoing low-yield environment and competitive pressure from peers, the four-year
figures are expected to fall below the level of 2019.
Page 24, wealth management income for the first half increased 3.1% year-on-year to
$1.22 billion, boosted by strong sales momentum in mutual funds and overseas securities.
The fee income from these two categories accounted for 51.7% of the total.
In the second half of the year, Shenzhen Bank will actively promote online marketing
campaigns to attract new funds and expand its client base.
Page 25, asset quality was stable with NPO ratio at 0.19% and coverage ratio at 666.08%.
Both ratios were better than the industry average.
Page 27, masterlink securities generated a brokerage income of $1.91 billion for the
first half of 2020, which was 37% higher year-on-year.
Brokerage market share was 3.72%, remaining top six in the industry.
As the market stabilized, masterlink securities improved its crop trading performance and
posted a consolidated net income of $574 million for the first half.
And this is the end of our result presentation.
Moderator, please start the Q&A session.
Yes, thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin our question and answer session.
If you wish to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad and you will enter
the queue.
After you are announced, please ask your question.
Should you wish to cancel your question, you may press 02.
Thank you.
Now, please press 01 if you would like to ask a question.
Thank you.
And the first question is coming from Albert of Nanshan Life.
Go ahead, please.
Hi, thank you.
This is Albert.
I have two questions.
For Xinguang Life, what's your growth target for VNB in 2020?
And for Xinguang Bank, how do you like at wealth management income growth for 2020?
Thank you.
Thank you, Albert.
I think the first question I would like to have Hanwei answer.
Yes, our FYP down 32% and our first VNB is only down about 14%.
As you can see, our FYP increased from 26% to 37%.
And our VNB margin also increased from 19.6% to 25%.
In the second half, we'll continue with this trend, selling products with higher FYP ratio
and the VNB margin.
FYP for the whole year might still be lower, maybe down 20% to 30%.
But we hope that VNB can stay at the same level or being lower, can be down less.
And Albert, as for your second question, we would like to remain a positive growth for
the overall wealth management income.
Sales focus still remains at the investment products, including the mutual funds and also
the overseas securities.
And those two segments in the first half grew by 27% and 33% year on year, respectively.
We do believe that in the second half, particularly after July, it will be rather challenging
to sell.
However, looking into the product mix of what we have done in the first half, we believe
there is still room to grow in the FX for exchange products.
And also there are still some potentials.
It may not be in the second half.
It must be in the future for the bank to sell higher margin products, including the protection.
Also, in the first quarter, we will start to provide services through the launching
of intelligent robo-advisory platforms.
And we believe that will help us to promote online marketing and also attract new funds
and client base.
Okay, thank you.
As a reminder, please press 01 on your keypad if you would like to ask a question.
Thank you.
We are now in question and answer session.
If you would like to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad.
Thank you.
Now, please press 01 on your keypad if you would like to ask a question.
Thank you.
And the next question is coming from Brooksley Kahn of Bank of America Securities.
Go ahead, please.
Hi, it's Brooksley.
I have two questions mainly on live business.
So, do we have any further FX Reserve cover plan coming up?
And how do Xinkon see if the FX Reserve level is sufficient?
Is there any benchmark or ratio to follow?
And second question is on RBC ratio.
May I have more color on where is the discrepancy between a bigger blue value while lower RBC
ratio in the first half 20?
And what's our internally comfortable level for RBC ratio?
Thank you.
Thank you, Brooksley.
For the current level, I'm referring to the end of July.
However, it hasn't been affirmed yet.
I can share with you that we have further increased the FX Reserve to slightly over 6.
Partly thanks to the voluntary added positions.
Before July, we have around $0.9 billion.
And we voluntarily added another $4 billion into the pool.
And we have approaching to $5 billion.
That gives us some more flexibility.
And also partly because we also remain relatively conservative.
And stay in the stick with the rule to reserve over 70% for the trading gains, market gains,
if there's any, on the FX on hedge positions.
For that question, I'm not sure whether James Yuan has anything to add on, particularly
for the future strategies.
It's good enough.
I think the anti-dollar remained pretty much unchanged since the end of June.
And what matters was the proxy part, which we own roughly $3 billion equivalent of RMB.
RMB appreciate about north of 3%.
So that part contributes some of the gain to the reserve increase that Stan just mentioned.
With the added reserve, we are able to lower our fully hedged ratio.
Our target is between 75 and 85.
So we are going to move toward the 75 from quarter end about low 80s.
And that will provide some relief on the NTF cost.
And for the proxy part, we are not going to have other proxy before the end of the year
other than the physical holding of, for instance, RMB debt and other local currency debt.
And we will remain or try to shoot for the high 70s fully hedged ratio.
Right.
And also you asked about what's the comfortable level for the remaining balance of FX reserve.
I think this is a very difficult question to answer.
By default, the purpose of the reserve is trying to help us to absorb some of the unexpected move.
From the market volatility.
Well, conceptually, we started from around $4 billion a few years before.
And that is also the reason why in July we decided to add another $4 billion when the pool almost dried up.
I cannot give you a clear guidance whether the current level, as I mentioned, $6 billion is comfortable or not.
However, it is apparently better than what we had at the end of June.
In the future, I think we don't have any clear strategies for another one-off saying provision for the FX reserve.
But we do believe with appropriate trading and our strategies layout, as James Yuan has mentioned,
we have a chance to increase the pool not only by the one-off reserve, as you mentioned,
but also on the continuous management of the unhedged and the proxy position.
The second question is on RBCs.
RBC at the end of June was around $211, which is lower than what we had at the end of last year.
And also lower than what we had a year before.
The reason is mainly because in the end of second half last year, we still have the FX reserve as high as almost $10 billion.
And as of the end of June this year, it dropped to less than $1 billion.
And that somehow affects the RBC ratios by more than 10%.
And also at the end of June, the market price for the equities is higher than the average price.
And you probably know that when calculating RBCs, the RBCs' qualified capital is now adjusted by the average price for the equity positions.
And that will deduct the RBCs by more than $10 billion.
So that's the main reason why we've seen a decline of the RBC ratios.
Well, the good news is that we have just pulled through the deal of preferred shares B for the capital injections of Xinkong Life in the first week of September.
After the injections, we can increase RBCs by as much as 13% that we account for to the overall capital levels of the life insurance system.
Bruce Lee, did I answer your question?
Yes, clearly. Thank you.
If you would like to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad. Thank you.
Well, moderator, if there's no further question, let's close the meeting now.
Yes. Thank you, Mr. Lee.
And ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation in Xinkong Financial Holdings Company's conference call.
There will be a webcast replay within an hour.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the investor relations section.
Should you have further questions, please don't hesitate to contact the IR team of SKFH by phone or by email.
And you may now disconnect.
Goodbye.
