Welcome everyone to Xinkong Financial Holding Company's 2019 second quarter
earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent
background noise. After the presentation, there will be a question and answer
session. Please follow the instructions given at that time if you would like to
ask a question. For your information, this conference call is now being
broadcasted live over the Internet. Webcast replay will be available within
an hour after the conference is finished. Please visit www.fkfh.com.tw
under the investor relations section. And now, I would like to introduce Mr.
Stan Lee, Senior Vice President of Xinkong Financial Holding Company. Mr. Lee,
please begin. Thank you, moderator. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome
again for joining the Xinkong Financial Holding 2019 second quarter
analyst call. Before we start, I would like to introduce my colleagues who are
with me today. We are happy to have Mingyi Huang, President of the Financial
Holding Company, to review the second quarter results. Also in the room are
Sunny Hsu, Executive Senior Vice President of the Financial Holding
Company, James Yuan, Chief Investment Officer of Xinkong Life, Han Weilin, Chief
Actuary, Isabella and Christine, members of our IR team. The presentation we are
about to go through was sent out two hours ago. You may also download it from
our website or participate through webcast. If you do not have the
presentation, please let us know now. Your lines will be muted when we are
presenting. If you are cut off, please dial back in or call Christine at
886-968-929-230 for assistance. Now please turn to page 4. SKFH
sustained its positive momentum in the first half 2019, reporting a consolidated
after-tax profit of $10.72 billion. Consolidated total comprehensive income
reached $44.37 billion, $53.09 billion higher year-on-year, compared with a loss
of $8.72 billion a year earlier. Earnings per share was $0.87. Consolidated
shareholders' equity increased almost 29% year-to-date to $186.47 billion, and
book value per share at the end of first half was $15.22. Core business of each
subsidiary remained stable in the second quarter, which will be covered later in
the presentation. Page 10. FYP for the first half 2019 increased 16.5% year-on-year
to $64.38 billion, driving up market share to 9.1%. Xinkong Live has adopted
a value-oriented product strategy and promoted foreign currency policies and
protection products to contain the hedging costs, facilitate ALM matching,
and grow value of new business. FYP of foreign currency policies for the first
half grew 35.5% year-on-year to $43.38 billion. Strong sales momentum and an
improved product mix led to a year-on-year increase of 17.1% in VNB. In addition,
annualized cost of liabilities declined two basis points quarter-on-quarter to 4.04%,
in line with our guidance. Page 13 presents an overall view of Xinkong Live's investment
portfolio. Annualized investment return for the first half 2019 reached 4.1%,
thanks to one-off disposal gains of equities and bonds and higher recurring income.
Breakdown of investment returns for different asset classes were real estate 3.2%, mortgage
and corporate loans 3.6%, policy loans 5.6%, overseas investment 4.3%, domestic securities
3.9%, and cash 0.8%. Page 14 presents the portfolio of overseas fixed incomes.
At the end of the first half, overseas fixed incomes amounted to $1.82 trillion. Corporate
bonds accounted for the largest share, representing 44.8% of the total, followed by
international bonds at 30.3%. Emerging market government bonds accounted for 24.1% at quarter
end. You may see the chart of the overseas fixed incomes portfolio by region on the upper right
corner. Xinkong Live invested more funds in North America during the second quarter,
with eyes on the superior credit quality, and the share of North America increased to 34.7%.
However, Xinkong Live remained focused on North America and Europe as its key investment areas.
Page 16. The pie chart on the left-hand side shows the mix of hedging instruments. At the
end of the first half, hedging ratio was 84.9%, including CS, NDF, and the naturally hedged
foreign currency policy. CS and NDF accounted for 60% and 40%, respectively, of traditional hedges.
Annualized hedging costs for the first half came down to 1.39%, and foreign currency volatility
reserve increased about $2.7 billion quarter-on-quarter to $9.8 billion.
I will now hand over to Isabella, who will take you through the results of Xinkong Bank
and Masterlink Securities. Xinkong Bank delivered a stable performance
for the first half of 2019. Net fixed income grew 6.2% year-on-year to $1.7 billion on the back of
growth in wealth management business. Pre-provisioned profits grew 0.9% year-on-year to $3.76
billion, and consolidated after-tax profits was $2.49 billion. Page 21. Corporate lending remained
an upward trend with a year-to-date growth rate of 3.7%. Domestic large corporate loans and
overseas syndicated loans were the fastest-growing segments, rising by 9.7% and 14.7%, respectively.
The bank's total lending growth 2.6% year-to-date to $582.02 billion,
and the loan growth target for 2019 remained at 6%. Page 22. Due to competition in the
loan market and decrease in market yield, the interest margin and net interest rate for the
second quarter came down to 1.43% and 1.82%, respectively. Given the ongoing competition
in the loan market and U.S. rate cut expectation, the bank expected its net interest margin and net
interest rate to fall below the level of 2018. Page 24. Wealth management income grew 11.9%
year-on-year to $1.18 billion, thanks to strong sales momentum in bank insurance,
which accounted for 51.7% of total wealth management income. For the second half of the year,
Xinkong Bank plans to offer deposits with preferential interest rates to attract new
funds and expand its client base. On the product side, mutual funds and overseas securities will be
the sales focus, along with stable performance of foreign currency policies and regular paid
products. The growth target for wealth management income in 2019 is 5-10%. Page 27. Asset quality
was stable with NPL ratio at 0.21% and coverage ratio at 600.29%. New NPL generated in the second
quarter totaled $550 million, of which one day accounted for $117 million. However, the case
was fully collateralized with no material loss expected. Page 29. Mass building securities
recorded an after-tax profit of $0.9 billion, up 17.9% year-on-year. Brokerage market share was
3.62%, with a ranking of top six in the industry. Proprietary trading income grew 33.4% year-on-year
to $1.55 billion, driven by the increased disposal gains from equity and fixed income.
This is the end of our results presentation, so moderator, please start the Q&A session.
Yes, thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin our question and answer session.
If you wish to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad and you will enter the queue.
After you are announced, please ask your question. Should you wish to cancel your question,
you may press 02. Thank you. Now, please press 01 if you would like to ask a question. Thank you.
And the first question is coming from Jamie Huan of JP Morgan. Go ahead, please.
Yeah, hi. Thanks for the presentation. A couple of questions for me. The first one is for
Xinguang Life. I think the industry foreign currency policies actually declined year-on-year,
so could Benjamin comment why you could outperform the sector so much? What's the
differentiating factors at Xinguang Life in terms of the FYP foreign currency policies?
The second question is for the investment portfolio breakdown, could we assume the
quarter-on-quarter increase in the proportion of domestic fixed income is mainly from your
investment in the bond ETF or there is any other driving factors? And then what's your
domestic bond ETF as percentage of total investment now?
The third question is for Xinguang Bank. Could you remind us what's the reason for a very strong
investment income growth this year and how sustainable it would be? And then the second
question is for net interest margin. If you compare the Taiwan dollar and maybe US dollar
portfolio, where is facing bigger pressure on the margin side? And then also what's your outlook
in second half this year? I think the margin pressure looks like it's increasing on a
quarter-on-quarter basis. So how low it would be in the coming quarters? Thanks.
Thank you, Jamie. Outperform our competitors in selling foreign policies. I'll give you
some comments and share from the product designer views. First of all, I would say we have firm and
clear mission proposition and that's being presented not only to our sales force but also
to the investment company. At the start of the year, we keep telling that for 2019, the share
of foreign currency denominated policies shall account for around 70% of the overall sales.
That's how we make it because we have very clear views. We have a very delicate team and we do
make our best out of our tight agents. Talking about tight agents, the year before or the couple
of years before, you can see that our tight agents may account for the overall FYPs for about 30%.
This year, you see that our tight agents contributed to the overall sales by around 45%.
And the reason is that they are always better to sell not only the savings but also protection.
And they also receive order more efficiently. When we want to have a very challenging goal,
which for this year is 70% of sales in foreign currency products, you see a strong growth in
our tight agent sales force. And that is our niche. Any others that has also a strong tight
agent sales force also can support the sales in the foreign currency products. They have their
own reasons, maybe because their base period is higher, maybe because they want to focus more on
the other policies. And that – please allow me to have Chief Actuary to talk about it.
I think also due to our investment strategy, we put most of our assets in an AC – put in an
AC account. So our investment return are less volatile. And that helps us to declare a stable
and even higher interest rate on the U.S. dollar-dominated policy. So I think that's
one reason. And another one, I also echo what Tim said, due to our strong agency force
that help us reach the target. Thank you, Hanwei. And your second
question is on investments. I would like to have James Yuan to talk about how ETS helped us to
show off the recurring income and what's our strategy on that.
We have a mixture of the anti-dollar-dominated ETF. Roughly, right now we have 70 billion
equivalent of fixed income ETFs or slightly lower than 3% of AUM. So the increase in the
domestic fixed actually – it is the increase in investment in the domestic fixed ETF.
Yes. And, Jimmy, just to quickly add one thing is that as of the end of the second quarter,
we didn't hold significant amounts of ETFs. As James just described, around 60 billion NT
is in the ETFs. And most of those are in fixed income.
And the third question is on how we can remain as a growth in the investment return. And the
investment return for the year from the finance point of view is increased by 4.5 billion. And
as far as I can share with you is that the one-off capital gains for the first two quarters
this year is actually around 4 billion less compared to what we had last year, one-off
capital gains, including the real-life gains and the multi-market gains. And how we can still
increase the overall investment return is by increasing the recurring income, mainly from
the fixed income. And also we have seen some improvements in the credit qualities that will
be reflected into the expected loss. And that accounted for around 1.5 billion as well.
And in addition, although that the interest rate has declined from the beginning of the year,
but if you compare the two for the – I'll give you more details about the first eight-month
reinvestment income, the aggregate and then average reinvestment yield this year was
only something like 8 basis points lower than the century last year, mainly because both years,
this year and last year, both years are lopsided. And this year is high in the beginning of the
year and last year was low in the beginning of the year. So when you aggregate and then average it,
it doesn't make that much big differences, although the interest rate has declined substantially.
All right. And your last question is on the bank. Banks, NIM and NIS, and I do admit in the
Chinese section that it will be very difficult for us to remain at a similar level that we
achieved last year. Major reason includes, I would say, two factors. First, we have been
adjusting the scorecards for the clients. If those clients have higher risk but cannot provide
with higher or reasonable returns, both from the fee business and from the spread business,
we choose not to deal with them. And that is the reason why you are seeing some of the decrease,
not only in the spread but also in the loan fee income. And that somehow is in the middle of
the procedure. And we foresee that the impact from such adjustments will decrease
further in the following quarters. And the other side is the competition.
The competition for making loans to the clients is very, I would say, is very competitive in the
past couple of quarters. We have seen also the final adjustment on the time deposits
because of the rate hikes from the U.S. as well. Well, the bad news here is that we started to see
rate cuts from the U.S. So in the third quarter, maybe in the fourth quarter, if there are further
rate cuts, the pressure will go down for the foreign currencies, loans and deposits.
So far, I see that the NIS, net interest spread, the decrease from the foreign currencies is more
substantial than the DWD ones. Foreign currencies, Q1, we still have about 2.3% as the NIS.
And in the second quarter, it went down to around 2.16%. DWD's portfolio remains rather stable.
First quarter, it was 1.79%. Second quarter, 1.77%. So it seems to me that NTD's yield cannot
go further down. So it will also stabilize the future views. But still, there will be pressures
from the foreign currency ones. Okay. That's very clear. Thanks.
Thank you, Jamie. As a reminder, please press 01 on your keypad if you would like to ask a question.
Thank you. Well, moderator, please ask whether there are any questions. If not, then let's end
the meeting now. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we are now in question and answer session.
If you would like to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad. Thank you.
And there appears to be no further questions at this point. Mr. Lee,
can we close the conference call now? Please, let's close the meeting now.
Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation in Xinkong Financial
Holding Company's conference call. There will be a webcast replay within an hour. Please visit
www.skfh.com.tw under the investor relations section. Should you have further questions,
please don't hesitate to contact the IR team of XSKFH by phone or by email.
You may now disconnect. Goodbye.
