Welcome everyone to Xinkong Financial Holding Company's 2021 4th Quarter Earnings Conference
Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise. After the presentation,
there will be a question and answer session. Please follow the instructions given at that
time if you would like to ask a question. If for your information, this conference call
is now being broadcasted live over the Internet. Webcast replay will be available within an
hour after the conference is finished. Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations
section. And now, I would like to introduce Mr. Stan Lee, Senior Vice President of Xinkong
Financial Holding Company. Mr. Lee, please begin.
Thank you, moderator. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome again for joining the
Xinkong Financial Holding 2021 4th Quarter Analyst Call. Before we start, I would like
to introduce my colleagues who are with me today. Here in the meeting room are Hanwei
Lin, Chief Actuary of Xinkong Life, Yifeng Liu, Head of the Investment Team of Xinkong
Life, Isabella and Christine, members of the IR team. The presentation we are about to
go through was sent out two hours ago. You may also download it from our website or participate
If you do not have the presentation, please let us know now. Your lines will be muted
when we are presenting. If you are called off, please dial back in or call Christine
at 886-968-929-230 for assistance. Now, please turn to page 5.
Xinkong Financial Holdings recorded consolidated after-tax profit of $22.73 billion for 2021,
up 57.2% year-on-year. Earnings per share was $1.67. Consolidated shares equity increased
9% year-on-year to $263.38 billion, and book value per share at the AR end was $18.2 billion.
Facing challenges caused by COVID-19 pandemic, Xinkong subsidiary has managed to deliver
strong performance, which will be covered later in the presentation. Not simply aiming
for sales volume or market share, Xinkong Life has chosen to promote foreign currency
policies and value forecast products for stable interest spread, better asset-value matching
and CSF. Despite decline in FYP, the sales of foreign currency policies amounted to $42.63
billion, accounting for 80.8% of the total. FYP of health insurance grew 9.7% year-on-year
due to strong demand from clients. FYPE reached $18.87 billion, and FYPE over FYP was 35.7%,
beating the industry average. As for cost of liabilities, it decreased 10 basis points
year-on-year to 3.73%, which was in line with our yearly guidance. Going forward in 2022,
foreign currency policies and value forecast products will be prioritized as key strategic
products. FYP of foreign currency policies is expected to grow by 20% annually. On top
of that, Xinkong Life will increase sales of investment-linked products given clients'
growing demand. Although FYP is targeted to exceed $60 billion, and cost of liabilities
is expected to fall by 5 to 10 basis points.
Page 13 presents the overall view of Xinkong Life's investment portfolio. Investment return
for 2021 was 3.77%, as investment income grew 7.8% year-on-year. Breakdown of investment
returns for different asset classes were real estate 3.7%, mortgage and corporate loans
1.7%, policy loans 5.4%, overseas investment 3.9%, domestic securities 4.3%, and cash 0.2%.
Page 14 shows the portfolio of overseas fixed incomes. At the end of December, overseas
fixed incomes topped $2.1 trillion. In the fourth quarter, the funds were mainly deployed
in investment-grade corporate bonds. As a result, corporate bonds accounted for the
largest share, presenting 48.6% of the total, followed by international bonds at 26.6%.
Government bonds accounted for 24.4%. About 90% of the overseas fixed income positions
was deployed in U.S. dollar-denominated bonds. You may also find a chart of overseas fixed
income portfolios by region in the upper right corner. North America and Europe accounted
for the majority of overseas fixed incomes, showing a combined share of 61.5%.
Page 16. The pie chart on the left-hand side shows the mix of hedging instruments. At the
end of the fourth quarter, hedging ratio was 81.8%, including CS, NDS, and naturally hedged
foreign currency policies. CS and NDS accounted for 51% and 49% respectively of traditional
hedges. Lower costs of traditional hedging pushed down hedging costs to 1.53% for the
past year. The balance of foreign currency volatility reserve was $2.7 billion at year
end, but it further increased to $7.5 billion in February as the Taiwan dollar weakened
against the U.S. dollar. I repeat, it further increased to $7.5 billion at the end of February.
Hedging costs for 2022 is targeted below the 150 basis points.
I will now hand over to Isabella, who will take you through the results of Xinhong Bank
and Masterlink Securities.
Thank you, Stan. Please turn to page 21.
Xinhong Bank delivered a strong performance in 2021. Net interest income grew 12.1% year-on-year
with continued loan growth. Net income increased 3.2% year-on-year to $3.47 billion. Pre-provision
operating profit reached $8.92 billion, which was 13.8% higher year-on-year. Consolidated
net income grew 10.3% year-on-year to $6.55 billion. Page 22, the bank's loan balance
grew 10.2% year-on-year to around $720 billion at year end, which was higher than the original
target of 8%. Consumer lending grew 12.5% year-on-year and representing the largest segment
of the loan portfolio as mortgage and other consumer loans increased 12.1% and 21.6% year-on-year
respectively. Going forward in 2022, the bank will promote both corporate lending and consumer
lending with an eye to risk control. The full-year target for loan growth is 8%.
Page 23, net interest spread for 2021 was 1.65%, which was the same level as the previous
year. Net interest margin for 2021 decreased 2 basis points year-on-year to 1.24% due to
market competition and excessive liquidity. In 2022, the bank will increase its demand-deposit
ratio and loan-to-deposit ratio to maintain growth momentum in net interest income.
Page 25, growth momentum income increased 7.2% year-on-year to $2.59 billion, which
was boosted by stronger sales momentum and investment products. In 2022, the bank will
actively attract new funds and expand its client base to achieve an annual growth target
of 7% for AUM. In the meantime, the bank will build a stronger relationship with valued
clients and increase the number of high net worth clients, those with AUM exceeding 10
million by double digits. Page 26, asset quality was benign with NPO
ratio at 0.16% and coverage ratio at 800.93%. Both ratios were better than the industry
average. Page 29, mass building security generated
a brokerage fee income of $5.64 billion for 2021, which was 57.4% higher year-on-year.
Proprietary trading income amounted to $3.26 billion driven by the disposal gain from equity,
which was $740 million higher year-on-year. Consolidating the income increased more than
100% year-on-year to $3.92 billion.
If you wish to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad, and you will
enter the queue. After you are announced, please ask your question. If you wish to cancel
your question, you may press 02. Thank you. Now, please press 01 to ask the question.
Thank you. As a reminder, please press 01 on your keypad if you would like to ask a
question. Thank you. Now, our first question is coming from Nancy
Chung of Cathay Futures. Go ahead, please. Hi. I have two questions. And the first one
is, Xinkong's recent dividend payout ratio has been below 30%, and any future plans to
raise it to peer levels? And the second one question is, what's the latest asset and liability
duration? Thank you. Thank you, Nancy. For the first question,
yes, I know that our payout ratio is somehow lower than our peers. However, you also know
that we are still under the needs for further capital raising. Again, as I previously mentioned,
there will be no cash-in-sinking action. However, there is need for new capital. At
that time, if we raise capital and pay out significant amounts of dividends to the investors,
that in the – well, in this rationale, it's just – it's not very legit. So as far as
we don't have a very clear guidance whether we are going to increase the payout ratio
or not, as I previously guided the market, our target is trying to pay out per share
at a reasonable, stable level. That's my short answer.
Your second question, I would like to have our chief actually answering.
Yes. The duration of the liability is about 12. And the asset duration, mostly bonds,
are about 12.5. Nancy, have we answered both of your questions?
Yes. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.
And next we'll have Jamie Huang of JPMorgan for questions. Go ahead, please, Jamie.
Hi. Thanks. Sorry I joined later. So if I already asked the question being asked, I apologize.
I think two questions for me. First one, in terms of the loan growth, can you give us
a little bit breakdown in terms of the key drivers this year? Because last year, it was
purely driven by the consumer loans. And the mortgage is over 10%. And given the tightening
measures by the government, by the regulators, should we expect the loan growth driver to
be somewhat different? And then on the corporate side, whether this year will still be largely
driven by domestic loans, or we should see better growth on the foreign currency side?
The second question is the credit cost. I don't recall you have any big B4 cases last year.
So presumably the credit cost last year was mainly driven by the general provision for the loan growth.
And if you look into this year, if you are guiding for lower loan growth and then potentially
lower mortgage growth, then should we expect credit cost to further decline year on year,
even though your guidance in the training session doesn't sound like that? Thanks.
Thank you, Jamie. For the first question, the loan growth is expected to grow at 7% to 8%
in various loan books. I would say the difference between 2022 and 2021 will be more balanced
growth drivers. If we break the two books by corporate or by personal, I would say both
will grow at the same pace, at around 7% to 8%. And overall growth targets also.
However, you are definitely right. There was a great observation and questions that I believe
in the segments for foreign growth somewhat will be higher than what we observe in 2021.
2021 is only 5%. I believe the foreign side will support the overall corporate loan book
as a target at 7% to 8%, right? I believe the foreign book would grow, maybe at the pace of double digit, maybe.
And for credit cost, to be very friendly, we don't give very, very clear guidance for that
because after all, it is very, very sensitive directly linked to the yearly earnings.
My rough guidance is that given that this year is 16 business point, I don't expect it to be
significantly higher than current level. So I think we may have enough confidence
to keep it under 20 business point. That's my rough guidance.
Okay, thank you.
Appreciate that.
We are now in question and answer session. Please press 01 if you would like to ask a question. Thank you.
Moderator, if there's no further questions, let's close the meeting now.
Sure. Thank you, Mr. Li.
And ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation in Xinkong Financial Holding Company's conference call.
There will be a webcast replay within an hour.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations section.
And should you have further questions, please don't hesitate to contact the IR team of SKFH by phone or by email.
You may now disconnect. Goodbye.
