Welcome everyone to Xinkong Financial Holding Company's 2017 Second Quarter Earnings Conference
Call.
All lines have been put on mute to prevent background noise, and after the presentation,
there will be a question and answer session.
Please follow the instructions given at that time if you would like to ask the question.
For your information, this conference call is now being broadcast live over the Internet,
and webcast replay will be available within an hour after the conference is finished.
Please visit www.fksh.com.tw under the Investor Relations section.
Now I would like to introduce Mr. Stan Lee, the Senior Vice President of Xinkong Financial
Holding Company.
Mr. Lee, you may begin.
Thank you, Moderator.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome again for joining the Xinkong Financial Holding 2017 Second Quarter Analysts' Call.
Before we start, I would like to introduce my colleagues who are with me today.
We are happy to have Sunny Hsu, Executive Senior Vice President of the Financial Holding
Company, to review the Second Quarter results with us.
Also in the room are Hanwei Lin, Chief Actuary of Xinkong Life, Isabella and Zeke, members
of our IR team.
The presentation we are about to go through was sent out two hours ago.
You may also download it from our website or participate through webcast.
If you do not have the presentation, please let us know now.
Your lines will be muted when we are presenting.
If you are called off, please dial back in or call Zeke at 886-975-731-274 for assistance.
Now please turn to page 4.
SKFH returned to profitability in the first half of 2017 with a consolidated tax profit
of $1.81 billion.
Expected comprehensive income reached $13.87 billion.
Net worth continued to grow at the financial holding's level.
Book value per share as of the end of June was $13.27, 7 percent higher than the end
of the previous quarter.
SKFH successfully issued domestic convertible bond of NT$4 billion on August 22nd.
Conversion premium ratio was set at 110 percent after conversion.
The group's capital will be strengthened.
Core business of each auxiliary remained robust in the second quarter, which will be shown
later in the presentation.
Page 10, FYP for the first half of 2017 reached $57.84 billion, driving up market share to
9.1 percent, despite the decline in FYPE, VNB market double-digit growth compared to
the same period of 2016.
Driven by strong NT$ and market demand, FYP of foreign currency policies reached $25.7
billion, accounting for 44.4 percent of the total.
The momentum for health insurance sustained over the past quarter, with sales of $1.47
billion in the first half, 6.2 percent year-on-year.
Annualized cost of liabilities decreased 6 business points to 4.31 percent in the first
half, in line with our expectation.
Page 13 presents an overall view of Shenkong Life's investment portfolio.
Annualized investment return for the first half of 2017 was 3.39 percent, two business
points higher compared to the same period last year.
Breakdown of investment returns for different asset classes were real estate, 3.1 percent,
mortgage and corporate loans, 2.2 percent, policy loans, 5.8 percent, overseas investment,
3.8 percent, domestic securities, 2.3 percent, and cash, 0.4 percent.
Page 14 shows the portfolio of overseas fixed incomes.
By the end of the first half, corporate bonds accounted for the largest share, representing
48.0 percent of the total, followed by international bonds at 29.6 percent and government bonds
at 20.2 percent.
The average yield before hedging of overseas fixed incomes was 4.76 percent.
The chart on the upper right displays the overseas fixed incomes portfolio by region.
Shenkong Life invested 35.2 percent in North America and 29.1 percent in Europe.
The share of Asia and others fell to 35.7 percent, in line with risk management perspective.
We believe our portfolio is adequately diversified.
Page 16, an annualized hedging cost for the first half of 2017 was 1.01 percent.
The trading currency volatility reserve was 1.69 billion at the end of June.
Hedging ratio was 83.7 percent, including CS, NDF, and naturally hedged Forex policies
position.
CS and NDF accounted for 62.3 percent of traditional hedges.
In order to better control hedging costs, Shenkong Life will actively increase the share
of foreign currency policy sales.
I will now hand over to Isabella, who will take you through the results of Shenkong Bank.
Thank you, Stan.
Please turn to page 20.
Shenkong Bank posted an after-tax profit of $1.97 billion for the first half of 2017,
with net interest income of 5.5 percent and investment income of 42.4 percent compared
to the same period last year.
Pre-provision operating income was $3.46 billion, which was 9.5 percent higher year-on-year.
Page 22, total loan balance went up 2 percent year-to-date to $518.65 billion.
Loan growth was driven by consumer lending, which grew 3.8 percent year-to-date.
In order to maintain a stable interest rate, Shenkong Bank has been cultivating overseas
markets and expanding overseas lending operations.
As of the end of the first half, the overseas syndicated loan balance reached $12.9 billion
up 42.8 percent year-to-date.
Loan growth for this year is targeted at 6 percent.
Page 23, driven by the growth of higher-yielding personal consumer and overseas syndicated
loans, net interest margin and net interest rate were properly maintained at 1.57 percent
and 1.96 percent respectively.
Four-year figures are expected to be similar to the levels delivered in the second quarter.
Page 25, the investment research team and financial consultants have helped to create
sales momentum, driving up fee income from mutual funds and overseas securities by 85.5
percent and 78.9 percent year-on-year respectively.
Wealth management income for the first half was $0.98 billion.
Going forward, Shenkong Bank will introduce more marketing projects, including backlogs
of foreign currency policy maturity payment to expand its client base and enhance cross-selling
performance.
Page 26, asset quality remains stable with NPO ratio at 0.26 percent and coverage ratio
at 478.26 percent.
Both figures are better than the industry average.
That wraps up our result presentation.
Moderator, please start the Q&A session.
Thank you.
And ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin our question-and-answer session.
If you wish to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad and you will enter
the queue.
After you are announced, please ask your question.
And should you wish to cancel your question, you may press 02.
Thank you.
And the first question is coming from Anthony Lam from HSBC.
Go ahead, please.
Hi.
Thanks, Ken.
This is for the presentation.
A very quick way on the live business and first with some numbers.
I noticed that you disclosed unanalyzed hedging costs at 1.01 percent.
So I'd like to check whether the analyzed level will be about 2.02 percent and that
means that second quarter number has come down.
And could you explain a little bit on moving your hedging cost target from below 100 basis
point disclosed in first quarter to now 100 to 120 and that's the hedging bit.
And I also noticed that there's no disclosure about the recurring after hedging this time.
Could you show us that number and could you also let us know what's the amount, what's
the percentage of foreign investment quarter left?
Thank you.
Thank you, Anthony.
The first question is the analyzed hedging.
Analyzed one, if we use the same way to analyze that, that will be 2.05 considering all the
days.
The reason why we show this number without analyze that is because we believe the whole
year target will be somewhere between 120 to 104.
Simply analyzing that 2.05 percent may not represent.
And you also asked before, we do have and now is in a very short time, we're at 20,
140.
We think that it will be more reliable.
Also you asked about yield after hedge as low as 2 mainly because of the way we analyze
the number as well.
If I don't believe 2.05, I believe 120, 140, the more reasonable target, I think this year
will not be very, I believe it will be lower, but not.
Oh yes, and the last bit on the percentage of foreign investment quarter left.
Sure.
If that includes our, the overall 4X, as for the NT dollars, we have 44 percent.
Now we are at still a little room.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you, Anthony.
As a reminder, please press 01 on your keypad if you would like to ask the question.
Thank you.
We are now in question and answer session.
If you have a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad.
Thank you.
And next we are having Sylvia Fung, Morgan Stanley, Hong Kong for questions.
Go ahead, please.
Hi, just a simple question.
May I ask why the provision expands double year on year?
Hi, Sylvia.
We give a guidance in the first quarter's annual meeting saying that this year's provision
expense will be $1 billion higher compared to what we had last year.
Last year was about $1.2 billion, so this year will pretty much close to $22.2 billion.
So far we have recognized about $1.1 billion, slightly lower than that.
That means we are conducting the provisioning on schedule.
Reason why it will be $1 billion more is not really concentrated on the needs for provisions
for our TRF and TMU positions.
As a matter of fact, all of our RMB, I mean B, related TRF positions, of course from our
clients, has been expired in August.
All of those existing contracts expired.
So that is also why we are quite confident to have $1 billion more in the overall provisioning.
Some of those will go for the TMUs will be sufficient.
And why do we have to provide more for the general loans, not particularly to those account
receivables from TMUs is because last year we have more retreatments from the NPLs.
This year we believe there may be less than last year in an amount about $300 to $500
million.
Therefore, we have to provide more against those shortfalls from the recoveries.
And also we targeted at a growth of 6% this year, slightly more than last year's loan
growth.
And you must know that there will be 1% need to provide against the performing loans.
All in all, we have seen a very benign situation for NPL generation.
In the second quarter, that was under $300 million compared to the last one.
The last one was higher than $400 million.
So we have seen a very, very benign situation here.
But again, there will be some individual cases.
There will be.
And we targeted at a very stable NPL coverage ratio.
That means all of those very benign generations for NPLs have to be covered as well.
And that is the reason why we will finish provisioning more conservatively compared
to what we did last year.
Thank you.
So some of your peers noted VNB growth in the first half, but Xinkong managed to get
double-digit growth on VNB.
Can you briefly explain that?
And also what will be your VNB growth target for 2017?
Thanks.
Sure.
And please answer Xiaofei's question.
First, our premiums remained flat in the first half.
Our FYP did not decrease.
And also because we're focusing on the foreign currency products.
Last year, the foreign currency products is about 20%.
But the first half is more than 40% of our FYP.
So the VNB margin increased.
Although the FYP remains flat for the margin increase, the first half, the VNB increased
about 16%.
As the overall year for the 2017, I think the second half, the FYP, we're still trying
to, at the beginning of the year, that our goal is to FYP about 100 billion FYP as a
target, because we have some conservatism.
If we reach the 100 billion FYP, which a little bit lower than the FYP last year, but due
to a higher VNB margin, the overall VNB will probably...
If we can reach the same FYP amount as last year, the VNB might grow.
Thank you.
Thank you, Xiaofei.
Now, please press 01 on your keypad if you would like to ask a question.
Thank you.
The next question is from Anthony Lum from HSBC.
Please ask your question.
Hi.
Me again.
Just want to follow up on the response to the last question.
You're doing 16% year-on-year in the first half, but you're targeting 3% to 5% for the
full year.
Was there a high rate in the second half?
I also noticed that the FYP-to-FYP ratio actually dropped in the second quarter.
Was that driven by increase in single-pay US solar traditional savings products?
Could you also give us some cover on the driver of the two biggest points, quarter-and-quarter
VNB decline?
Thank you.
Hi, Anthony.
Yes, you're right.
We do have higher base on the second half.
We saw some fixed rate last year, which is higher VNB due to that reason, FYP.
And the higher VNB margin is due to the lower FYP ratio has been also driven by the sales
for foreign exchange products as well.
Because most of the clients applying to Forex right now, they have a lump sum exchange and
they want to deploy the money efficiently.
And for Qingkong, there's a win-win situation because compared to a few larger peers, our
ratio in the foreign exchange assets is slightly less accounted by the Forex liabilities.
So we want to increase that.
Our ratio now is about...
We want to elevate that number, apparently, because we are room to grow.
Because there is upper limit for the overall reserve accounted against overall reserve.
Thank you.
And the decline in NIM on the banking side.
Thank you.
Anthony, Selby just asked me the key questions about why we have to provide more than what
we did last year, which will be...
Oh, that's the process, right?
Yes.
Again, last year, $1 billion.
And that's the main reason.
I would like to say that the provision this year will be quite enough to satisfy all of
those one-off needs.
This year, we are confident that the provision will get to the normal level.
Sorry, I was asking about the net interest margin side.
Net interest margin, sorry.
I got you.
Net interest margin, you say that why it declined?
Yeah.
Quota and quota is a thing of two dates when it declines, right?
Mostly because the loan-to-deposit ratio declined.
If I remember correctly, the latest loan-to-deposit ratio went down from 77% as of the end of
the first quarter to 74.8% as of the end of the quarter.
And the reason is because we target to grow the overall loan at the target of first half
only 2%.
Somehow, we have to deposit pool and that starts to lower our...
Okay, got it.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
We are now in question and answer session.
If you have a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad.
Thank you.
Now, please press 01 on your keypad if you would like to ask a question.
Thank you.
Well, if there's no questions, I believe in today's Chinese and also this English session,
we have quite comprehensive discussions.
If you would like to review what has been discussed, please log on our official website
and there will be comprehensive videos and also the record records.
Jason, please close the meeting now.
Thank you, Mr. Lee.
And ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation in Xinkong Financial Holding
Company's conference call.
There will be a webcast replay within an hour.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Invest Relations section.
And should you have further questions, please don't hesitate to contact the IR team of SKFH
by phone or by email.
You may now disconnect.
Goodbye.
