Welcome everyone to XinKong Financial Holdings Company's 2017 First Quarter Earnings Conference
Call.
All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise.
After the presentation, there will be a question and answer session.
Please follow the instructions given at that time if you would like to ask the question.
And for your information, this conference call is now being broadcasted live over the
Internet.
The webcast replay will be available within an hour after the conference has finished.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations section.
And now I would like to introduce Mr. Stan Lee, Senior Vice President of XinKong Financial
Holdings Company.
Mr. Lee, you may begin.
Thank you, Jason.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome again for joining the XinKong Financial Holdings 2017 First Quarter Analysts' Conference.
Before we start, I would like to introduce my colleagues who are with me today.
We are happy to have President Ji ZhuLi of the Financial Holdings Company, Jason Tsai,
President of XinKong Life, and Charles Hsieh, President of XinKong Bank, to review the first
quarter results with us.
Also in the room are James Yuan, Chief Investment Officer of XinKong Life, Sami Shu, Executive
Senior Vice President, Han WeiLin, the appointed actuary of XinKong Life, Isabella, and Zeke,
members of the IR team.
We are also joined by Eric Lu, Principal of Deloitte Actuarial Insurance Solutions.
Eric has been working closely with us over the past few months in reviewing our EV work,
and he's here to help us answer any questions you may have.
The presentation we are about to go through was sent out two hours ago.
You may also download it from our website or participate through webcast.
If you do not have the presentation, please let us know now.
Your lines will be muted when we are presenting.
If you are caught off, please dial back in or call Zeke at 886-975-731-274 for assistance.
If you have no question, we'll start by asking President Ji ZhuLi to give us a group-level
update for the first quarter 2017.
President Li.
Thank you, Stan.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
Please turn to page four.
Due to sharp exchange rate fluctuations, Xinguang Financial Holdings recorded a consolidated
after-tax loss of $2.83 billion NT for the first quarter 2017.
Consolidated comprehensive income was $3.05 billion NT.
Net worth continued to rise at the financial holding level.
Book value per share at the end of March was $12.4 NT, 2.5% higher than the end of the
last year.
Co-business of each subsidiary has remained solid during the first quarter.
For Xinguang Life FYP increased 34.5% year-on-year to $28.23 billion NT, driven by strong demand
for interest-sensitive whole life products.
Annualized cost of liabilities decreased steadily from 4.37% for 2016 to 4.34%.
Due to improvement in losses on the available-for-sale financial assets, other comprehensive income
was $5.88 billion NT, driving up shareholders' equity by 2.7% year-to-date to $75.73 billion NT.
For Xinguang Bank, net interest income and net fee income for the first quarter 2007
grew 4.3% and 4.5% year-on-year respectively.
Consolidated after-tax profit was $0.97 billion NT.
On assets quality front, non-performing loan ratio remained the same as the previous quarter
at 0.26% and the coverage ratio was 476%.
Life insurance EV per share of Xinguang Financial Holdings was $22.8 NT.
Total FYP for 2016 increased 46.9% year-on-year, allowing V1NB to grow 33% to NT$22.2 billion NT.
I will now hand it back to Stan, who will take you through the results of the financial
holding company and Xinguang Life.
Thank you, President Li.
Please now turn to page 6.
Affected by exchange rate fluctuations, SKFH posted an after-tax loss of $2.93 billion
for the first quarter 2017.
At the subsidiary level, Xinguang Life's after-tax loss was $3.93 billion and Xinguang Bank's
after-tax profit was $0.97.
Page 10.
Driven by strong demand for intrasensitive whole life products, FYP surged 34.5% year-on-year
to $28.23 billion, achieving a market share of 8.1%.
Foreign currency policies remained Xinguang Life's strategic focus in 2017.
Sales reached $8.48 billion, accounting for 30% of total FYP.
We have also seen momentum build up for health insurance, sold $0.83 billion in the first
quarter, up 26.9% year-on-year.
For sustainable VNB growth and decrease in cost of liabilities, Xinguang Life will continue
to promote protection products, as well as NT$ and foreign currency whole life policies.
Annualized cost of liabilities further declined 3 bits to 4.34% in the first quarter compared
to 2016.
Page 13 presents an overall view of Xinguang Life's investment portfolio.
Annualized investment return for the first quarter 2017 was 2.55%, which was adversely
affected by sharp fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.
Breakdown of investment returns for the different asset classes were real estate 3.1%, mortgage
and corporate loans 2.3%, policy loans 5.7%, overseas investment 2.6%, domestic securities
1.7%, 0.4%.
Page 14 shows the portfolio of overseas fixed incomes.
At the end of first quarter, corporate bonds accounted for the largest share, representing
48.2% of the total, followed by international bonds at 29.5% and government bonds at 19.6%.
The chart on the upper right-hand side shows overseas fixed incomes portfolio by region.
Xinguang Life invested 34.3% in North America and 29.0% in Europe.
The overall portfolio remains widely distributed across the world.
We believe that such diversification is appropriate from a risk management perspective.
Page 16.
Annualized hedging cost for the first quarter 2017 was 2.86%, and foreign currency volatility
reserve was $2.0 billion at the end of first quarter.
Hedging ratio was 83.1%, including CS, NDF, and naturally hedged foreign exchange policy
position.
CS and NDF accounted for 63% and 37%, respectively, of traditional hedges.
I will now hand over to Isabella, who will take you through the results of Xinguang Bank.
Thank you, Sam.
Please turn to page 19.
Xinguang Bank recorded an after-tax profit of $0.97 billion for the first quarter 2017,
with net interest income up 4.3% and net fee income up 4.5% compared to the same period
last year.
Pre-provision operating income was $1.68 billion, which was 7.5% higher on the year.
Page 21.
Total loan balance went up 0.6% year-to-date to $511.63 billion.
Loan growth was driven by consumer lending, which grew 1.2% year-to-date.
In order to maintain a stable interest rate, Xinguang Bank is seeking to promote both domestic
and overseas corporate loans.
Loan growth for this year is targeted at 6%.
Page 22.
Thanks to the increase in loan-to-deposit ratio, net interest margin rose four basis
points quarter-on-quarter to 1.59%, while net interest rate remained similar to the
previous quarter at 1.95%.
Four-year net interest margin is expected to be above the level of 2016.
Page 24.
Wealth management income for the first quarter was $463 million.
Up 13.1% year-on-year.
The increase mainly came from sales of mutual funds and overseas securities.
Marketing activities will be launched in the second quarter in order to spur sales of bank
assurance products.
Apart from that, Xinguang Bank will introduce specific projects such as multi-currency preferential
time deposits and backflows of policy maturity payments to expand its client base.
Page 25.
Asset quality remains stable with NPR ratio at 0.26% and coverage ratio at 476.01%.
Both figures are better than the industry average.
I will now turn over to Hanwei to talk about the update on EV and AV.
Thank you, Isabella.
Please turn to page 27.
For $2000 value, the earning rate of BIF goes from 3.91% to 5.10% in 30 years for Taiwan
dollar products and 4.45% to 5.62% for U.S. dollar products.
The equivalent investment yield is 4.42%.
For BNB, it goes from 3.52% to 5.10% and 4.44% to 5.62% in 30 years for Taiwan dollar and
U.S. dollar products respectively.
The adjusted NAV decreased 3%.
BIF increased 14% and by lowering our risk position, COC decreased 1%.
As a result, our EV at the end of 2016 increased 6% to 228.6 billion NT.
BNB increased 33% to 22.2 billion due to strong FYP growth in 2016.
BNB margin was 19.7%.
AV for five years of new business and 20 years of new business were 316.1 billion and 421
billion according.
Page 28.
Under the base case scenario, risk discount rate is 10.5%.
We also provide a sensitivity test of investment return and risk discount rate for your reference.
Page 29.
Statutory net worth increased from 64.3 billion to 73.7 billion in 2016.
The main contributor came from unrealized gains on available for sale financial assets
which add 9.8 billion to statutory net worth.
Page 30.
For adjusted NAV, the shareholder value at the end of 2016 was 73.7 billion.
Unrealized gains on property added 67.8 billion.
We also added 14.2 billion of special reserves of unrealized gains on property and 3.8 billion
of other items including foreign exchange volatility reserve.
Page 31.
VIF grew from 121.4 billion to 138.7 billion in 2016.
The biggest impact came from the new business issue which added 26.7 billion to VIF.
Assumption changes were minus 18.7 billion.
Page 32.
VNV increased from 16.8 billion to 22.2 billion in 2016.
The increase of sales volume was the major contributor which added 7.9 billion to VNV.
That wraps up our results presentation.
Moderator, please start the Q&A session.
Thank you, sir.
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin our question and answer session.
If you wish to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad and you will enter the queue.
After you are announced, please ask your question.
Should you wish to cancel your question, you may press 02.
And now, please press 01 if you would like to ask a question.
Thank you.
The first question is from Anthony Lum from HSBC.
Go ahead, please.
Hi. Thank you very much for this presentation.
I think I have the first question on EV.
I think there is 12.2 billion negative impact from economic consumption changes in terms of VIF impact.
I'm just trying to see what kind of assumptions will change in this EV assessment.
Thank you.
Hi. Basically, it's from the lower investment return assumption this year that equivalent investment return is 4.42,
which is lower from last year.
Last year is 4.46.
And also, the major reason is that we factor in a higher hedging cost that we saw from the first quarter this year
and was higher than before, resulting in a lower…
So, I would, I mean, suspect that most of the impact will actually come from the higher hedging cost
rather than the lower investment return because you just lower your equivalent investment return by only 4 business points.
So, what was the hedging cost assumption years before and what's the hedging cost assumption years now?
Before, hedging cost was probably less than 100 business points.
And this year, as we talked in the early meeting, the target for this year is to 120 business points.
But, I mean, that's also included in the long-term assumption in the VIF calculation.
But, I mean, in terms of the previous level, you said it's less than 100 business points,
but, I mean, what's the rough level?
I mean, was it 80 business points, 60 business points, or could you be a bit more precise on the assumption years before?
Well, actually, hedging cost assumption is dynamic.
It's about, before it's about like 50 business points plus the spread between Taiwan and the U.S. interest rate.
So, for the first year, last year, for 2015, the first year, hedging cost is less than 100 business points.
But for this year's EV, the first year that we increased that to 120 business points.
And for the future, then, again, sector in maybe the first two or three years, higher hedging cost in assumption.
But later on, and become back to normal, that usually around 50 or 60 business points.
Okay. Thanks.
All right. So, to end on that answer, we basically use the spread simply based on our views.
You may say this coin has such a view that if you look back to our historical hedging cost, I would say it is reasonable.
It wasn't our cost that we would like to play a result.
Okay. Thanks.
As a reminder, please press 01 on your keypad if you would like to ask a question. Thank you.
We are now in question and answer session.
If you would like to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad. Thank you.
And the next one is from Sylvia Fung from Morgan Stanley, Hong Kong. Go ahead, please.
Hello. Thanks for the presentation.
Would you mind remind us that how would you lower your hedging cost from that currently to first quarter 2 point something to 1.2% for the whole year?
And also, up to now, April or May, what is the hedging cost so far?
Also, can I ask the first quarter VNB growth and also the VNB growth? Okay. Thanks.
Hi, Sylvia. There is one problem about the annualized, exactly the way we analyze it.
If you join some other analyst meetings this year, you will find out some of them have different ways to analyze the number.
Some of them treat some of the fluctuations as one-off instead of a recurrence hedging.
We try to make it very simple.
We just manualize the first quarter's numbers times four.
So that's the way we derive a 286 point as for the whole year's number.
This one assumption is we have a view that NT dollar will not remain as weak as in the first quarter or will give us.
By default, by the way we analyze it, numbers comes down.
The number comes down. That's one thing.
And that scenario happens to be our view.
We don't think NT dollar has as much room as in the first quarter to keep strengthening against US dollar.
It may not just be reasonable across the street.
And secondly, we remain very dynamic.
After April and May, we started to lower the CS and NDS overall hedging.
Basically because we have a view that NT dollars will not be there.
That will give us two benefits.
First, lowering the cost of the fixed hedging strategies including NDS.
NDS nowadays cost reasonably high compared to before.
Now it costs us about 160 business point to 180 business point.
We are able to lower the hedging from almost 90 percent, 90 percent to about 80 percent.
That will be very helpful for us to be able to hedge the risky part of the asset, risky part of the asset.
Leave aside the naturally hedged foreign currency policies.
And the second benefit is that we do have a rebound in the US dollar which is maybe highly likely.
If we look at the first quarter results, we have three-fourths of the year to fulfill that.
Then we may have a chance to have slight gains.
The way we guide the markets that we think this year, we will be able to meet a target of 120 business point.
That doesn't really rely on the very strong views on US dollars.
On a moderate view on US dollars, we will be able to meet the target of 1.2 percent.
I will leave the questions about VNBs to Alan.
Hi. VNB growth for the first quarter is over 60 percent.
We have FYP growth 35 percent.
We also have better product mix.
The foreign currency products right now have 30 percent in the first quarter premiums.
And the high-margin product like health products also increased in the first quarter.
And so to add on to questions asked about Forex, we have a cumulative hedging cost for the first four months.
We've already seen improvement.
That number is lower than 2.5 percent cumulatively, already lower than 2.5 percent.
Have we answered your question?
Yeah, thank you.
So this first quarter annualized is 2.6.
So if you are targeting 1.2, that means you are assuming for the rest of the year it's 0.7 every quarter going forward.
Is that what you mean?
That 2.86 is basically for the whole year, right?
We annualized that.
I haven't done the calculations here, but if we had to calculate that and give you a number in absolute amounts,
I would say it will be around $17 billion NT, $17 billion NT.
In the first quarter, the absolute amount we recorded as hedging loss was already more, slightly more than $10 billion.
That means in the rest of the year, three-fourths of the year, we can only recognize $7 billion.
But again, we think with the proper management of the hedging, that target is reasonable.
Thank you.
So FX reserve is $2 billion now.
So is there still room to use it, or you will keep it at this level?
Well, we started to use it a bit in April.
As of the end of first quarter, it was at the level of $2 billion.
We used up about $400 million for the month, and we still have flexibility.
We don't have to remain such amounts in our accounts.
As far as we can see, some of our fellow insurance companies, they have to use it up.
But again, our intention is not to use it up anyway.
Our intention is to harvest some gains in the following month.
If everything goes as our plan, then we foresee that not only the hedging cost went down to 1.2% as our target,
and we will also try to find a way to re-enhance the FX hedging.
Thank you.
Thank you.
And the next one is from Anthony Lum from HSBC.
Go ahead, please.
Sorry to have to come back on the FX reserve side, but when I look at your reserve to overseas investment
and the peers as well, I think they're at an extremely low level, about 0.1% or 0.2%,
whereas the maximum limit for FX volatility reserve as a percentage of overseas investment is actually 9.5%.
So do you see any sort of regulatory risks from FSC to mandate an increase in provision rates
or even in one month increasing provisions?
And given that the Life Insurance Association is considering proposals to FSC about measures to mitigate impact from FX fluctuation,
what sort of regulatory risks do you see on this?
So that's the first question.
I think the second one will be on the return that you mentioned earlier.
You mentioned it was something about 2.0% for overseas investment.
That's a 2.6% after hedge basis.
And also on the bank side, you mentioned you raised a little bit of provisions in anticipation of the IFRS 9 implementation.
Could you give us a breakdown as to how much of the increase in provisions in the first quarter was related to the first IFRS 9 implementation preemptive measure
and how much was related to the new NPL formation?
So those are my three questions.
Thank you for the question.
For your first question, there's a regulation that the overall pool's balance cannot be lower than 20% year-end.
So for us, we can use it up until roughly 600, which is not to dry it out too fast.
That's why we stopped using it.
Again, my perspective is that this presents a bonus as the extra flexibility is provided.
At the end of the day, it is our risk to make or without.
The point for us now is that it's the lower remaining balance in the pool.
We have to enhance our mechanism to hedge, and there's no quick win for that.
The best way to manage the balance is to sell more for X policy, and that is our first quarter.
We targeted at 30% of the overall FYP as X policy, and we just met that target.
For the whole year, we expect to sell about $100 billion and 30% out of that.
Those portions are naturally hedged.
We don't have to worry too much.
The others relying on our in-house team, under views, flexibility is to open for the two reasons I just mentioned.
First, to alleviate us from, and as well, if there's any rebonds in the U.S.
And that is that our foreign investments return was as low as 2%, 4%, and you are right.
That number is at us.
I also mentioned before that some have different ways to analyze their number.
If we choose to analyze the number differently, the number will be different.
It's straightforward, very simple.
And the third question is the Q against the IFRS.
I would like to remain a little bit conservative here, not giving you a very, very detailed breakdown of the reserve.
But for the overall year, as we mentioned in the Chinese, we expect to have $1 billion more.
And we do believe with that $1 billion more reserve for the whole year, our overall reserve.
Okay, thank you.
And the next question is from Howard Lee from Macquarie.
Go ahead, please.
Hi, thanks for taking questions.
So I only have one question today, which is on crediting rates of interest-sensitive policies.
Can you explain the competitive landscape of crediting rates in the market this year?
And is XinKong under pressure to increase these rates?
If yes, or if you guys have increased crediting rates so far this year, is it only on new policies or on existing policies as well?
Thank you.
Basically, for competitive purposes, we do raise once in March the crediting rate for some products, especially U.S. dollar products.
Because that's our strategy, that we want to increase our incurring products in our mix.
That's what we do.
And right now, we are seeing good results.
And you might say competitively that in later months, they will try to catch up or try to increase more.
But I think within our margin, we will do accordingly to be competitive but also remain our spread margin.
So was the increase in March only on new policies?
Yes, only for new policies.
And is that the case for the competitors?
Are they only increasing rates for new policies but not existing policies?
I can't answer you 100%, but mostly in practice, that we usually do for new policy issues.
Usually, you don't do that for existing.
Okay, thank you so much.
We are now in question and answer session.
If you would like to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad.
Thank you.
And the next one is from Anthony Lum from HSBC.
Go ahead, please.
Sorry to come back again.
Just a very quick channel chat question on the FIP.
I think most peers have seen very good FIP in the first quarter.
I mean, to a certain extent, due to stop-sell effect.
But I mean, some peers already seen slowdown in FIP growth in April.
Do you see some similar pressure here?
Could you give us some color on your April premium numbers?
Because the first quarter last year is relatively low.
So, we do see a large increase in the first quarter.
But even in April for us, I think we are not.
In April, that FIP increased 8 billion more.
So, I think for us, we haven't seen that decrease.
Anthony, one thing you may want to know is the way we pay the premium.
This year, we'll see the FIP ratio across the board decrease.
I mean, single premium products grew more significantly.
It's hard to make a…
But again, for Shinkop, I found strategies to lower the cost of liabilities by more than 10 billion.
That target for the first quarter, single quarter, we decreased.
Also, the VNB growth was up.
Sometimes, the comparison is always to grow the VNB and to lower.
Okay.
As a reminder, please press 01 on your keypad if you would like to ask a question.
Thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are now in question and answer session.
If you would like to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad.
Thank you.
Thank you, Stan.
And ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation in Shinkong Financial Holding Company's conference call.
There will be a webcast replay within an hour.
Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations section.
Should you have further questions, please don't hesitate to contact the IR team of SKFH by phone or by email.
You may now disconnect.
Goodbye.
