Welcome everyone to Xinkong Financial Holdings Company's 2021 3rd Quarter Earnings Conference
Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise. After the presentation,
there will be a question and answer session. Please follow the instructions given at that
time if you would like to ask a question. For your information, this conference call
is now being broadcast live over the Internet. Webcast replay will be available within an
hour after the conference has finished. Please visit www.skfh.com.tw under the Investor Relations
section. And now I would like to introduce Mr. Stan Lee, the Senior Vice President of
Xinkong Financial Holdings Company. Mr. Lee, please begin.
Thank you, Moderator. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome again for joining the
Xinkong Financial Holdings 2021 3rd Quarter Analyst Call. Before we start, I would like
to introduce my colleagues who are with me today. Here in the meeting room are Han Wei-Lin,
Chief Actuary of Xinkong Life, Ying-Feng Liu, Head of the Investment Team of Xinkong Life,
Isabella and Christine, members of the IR team. The presentation we are about to go
through was sent out two hours ago. You may also download it from our website or participate
through webcast. If you do not have the presentation, please let us know now.
Your lines will be muted when we are presenting. If you are cut off, please dial back in or
call Christine at 886-968-929-230 for assistance. Now, please turn to page 4.
SKFS recorded consolidated after-the-tax profit of $21.66 billion for the first nine months
of 2021, up 22.3% year-on-year. Earnings per share was $1.62. Consolidated shareholders'
equity reached $249.76 billion and book value per share at the end of September was $17.39.
The subsidiaries also delivered strong results for the first nine months, which will be covered
later in the presentation. We would like to highlight that the company's efforts on ESG
matters were recognized by being included in the DJSI World Index earlier in this month.
As ESG ratings methodologies continue to evolve, we know there is still work to do and we will
work hard to meet expectations. Page 10. Not simply aiming for sales volume or market share,
Xincon Life chose to promote foreign currency policies and value-focused products for stable
interest spread, better asset-level matching, and CSM. Despite the decline in FYP, the sales of
foreign currency policies for the first nine months amounted to $27.91 billion, accounting for
78.8% of the total. FYP of health insurance for the third quarter also grew 76.3% quarter-on-quarter
as the COVID-19 pandemic came under control and sales activities picked up pace.
FYPE reached $12.5 billion and FYPE over FYP was 35.3%, higher than the industry average.
As for cost of liabilities, it decreased six basis points year-to-date to 3.77%.
Page 13 presents the overall view of Xincon Life's investment portfolio. Annualized investment
return for the first nine months was 3.86% as investment income grew 1.6% year-on-year.
Breakdown of investment returns for different asset classes were real estate 4.2%, mortgage
and corporate loans 1.7%, policy loans 5.4%, overseas investments 3.7%, domestic securities
5.3%, and cash 0.2%. Page 14 shows the portfolio of overseas fixed incomes at the end of September.
Overseas fixed incomes topped $2 trillion NT. In the third quarter, the funds were predominantly
deployed in investment-grade corporate bonds. As a result, corporate bonds accounted for the largest
share, representing 48.3% of the total. Followed by international bonds at 26.6%,
emerging market government bonds accounted for 24.7%.
About 90% of the overseas fixed income position was deployed in U.S. dollar-denominated bonds.
You may also find a chart of the overseas fixed income portfolio by region in the upper right
corner. North America and Europe accounted for the majority of overseas fixed incomes,
showing a combined share of 61.2%. Page 16. The pie chart on the left-hand side
shows the mix of hedging instruments. At the end of the first nine months,
hedging ratio was 79.7%, including CS, NDF, and naturally hedged foreign currency policies.
CS and NDF accounted for 53% and 47% respectively of traditional hedges. Annualized hedging cost
was 1.75%, and foreign currency volatility reserve was 2 billion. As the cost of traditional
hedge tools continued to decrease, NTD remained largely stable versus USD. The company is confident
to keep the four-year hedging cost below 2% as expected. I will now hand over to Isabella,
who will take you through the results of Xinkong Bank and Masterlink Securities.
Xinkong Bank achieved a strong quarter on many fronts. Cumulatively,
net interest income grew 11.9% year-on-year with stable loan growth. Net fixed income increased
2.5% year-on-year to 2.56 billion. Pre-provision operating profit reached 6.77 billion,
which was 9.7% higher from a year earlier. Consolidated net income grew 9.3% year-on-year
to 5.16 billion. The bank's loan balance rose 7.2% year-to-date to around 700 billion. Consumer
lending grew 11% year-to-date and represented the largest segment of the loan portfolio,
as mortgage and other consumer loans increased 11.4% and 15.7% year-to-date respectively.
The four-year loan growth is expected to exceed 8%, which is higher than the original target.
Page 22, Fierce competition and abundant liquidity in the market put downward pressure
on the bank's average lending rate. As a result, net interest rate for the third quarter decreased
two basis points quarter-on-quarter to 1.65%. Net interest margin decreased one basis point
quarter-on-quarter to 1.23%. Page 24, Wealth management income for the first nine months
increased 6.8% year-on-year to 1.94 billion, which was boosted by stronger sales momentum
in investment products. As for product strategy, investment products are expected to draw more
demand from clients in the fourth quarter. In the meantime, Xinhong Bank will promote
foreign currency policies and regular pay products. The growth target for wealth management
income for 2021 is 5-10%. Page 25, Asset quality was benign with NPO ratio at 0.17%
and coverage ratio at 764.82%. Both ratios were better than the industry average.
Page 27, Masterlink Securities generated brokerage fee income of 4.39 billion for the
first nine months, which was 66.7% higher year-on-year. Proprietary trading income amounted
to 2.52 billion, driven by the disposal gain from equities, which was 900 million higher year-on-year.
Consolidated net income increased more than 150% year-on-year to 3.03 billion.
Page 28, Asset quality was benign with NPO ratio at 764.82% and coverage ratio at 764.82%.
Page 27, Asset quality was benign with NPO ratio at 764.82%. Both ratios were better than the
industry average. Xinguang has been raising capital in the past three years. About $30 billion
was raised and injected into Xinguang Life. Do you plan to do another fund raising next year
and invest it in Xinguang Life again for IFRS 17 adoption? If so, what would be the size and
what kind of instrument will we be considering? That's my first question. The second question
would be on Xinguang Life. Cash accounted for around 4.2% for Xinguang Life's investment
portfolio this quarter. Is this a comfortable level? Do we expect to see further decline
in cash in the coming quarter? My last question would be on the bank. We've seen both the net
interest margin and spread have declined in this quarter compared to the last quarter.
So, I would want to ask what would be the management's expectation of both US and Taiwan
rate hikes for next year and how should that improve our net interest margin for next year.
So, that would be my question. Thank you. Thank you, Kate, for the questions. About capital
raising, you are right that we have been raising capital mainly for Xinguang Life.
But as I discussed with the investment community before, my thinking on why we raise capital is not
because we want to have very large amounts of money and one-shot scaling sinking the capital
needs. Well, because theoretically, that's not the most efficient way. Our way is to grow
valuable products. As I mentioned both in English and Chinese session, now the company's product
strategy, particularly for insurance products, we are trying to accumulate as much as CSM as
possible. And apparently, you see that our FYP declined by 40% year-on-year for the first three
quarters and we are okay with it. It doesn't mean we are comfortable with it. We are okay with it.
If that produces enough value, enough CSM, and that will be the key for us to adopt the new
accounting rules and maybe the new capital adequacy rules. That's the key. To facilitate
the products we want to sell, to facilitate the general account book, we are growing. We need
capital to absorb the related assets and liabilities, risks generated from the growth.
And that's why we are raising capital. Are we confident that Xinguang can adopt
F2017 smoothly? Yes, of course. As Cathay, I think it's CK, right, discussed with the investors
before, he mentioned 2023 will be an important mark that insurance companies shall be able to
adopt preliminarily the IFRS rules. Same here for Xinguang. So we keep the same pace. However,
that also means maybe we need some support from the capitals to grow such policies that can
generate CSM, as I mentioned. So I cannot rule out the possibilities for us to raise another round of
capital next year. I cannot give you a very solid and clear plan now because nothing has been
approved by the board yet. And I cannot give you any expectations of my own because that would be
kind of irresponsible. But I can show you the same logic, the same thinking here that we are
heading to the way of adopting the new accounting rules and the new capital adequacy rules. And that
means some capitals may be raised. I'm not seeing a huge amount of capitals being raised
on a yearly basis, but there may be capital needs in the future. And no matter what the
solid number will be, and there's more inclined to be common equities. And again, any solid,
conquered information will be disclosed after the board has a resolution.
And for cash, yes, we are now still seeing 4.2% as the proportion of the cash level.
There's a chance for us to make the investment more efficient, and there's a chance that 4.2%
will be even lower in the coming few quarters. Again, I think now it's very costly to hold cash,
particularly in anti-dollar, because the anti-dollar cash yield is only 0.2%.
And 0.2% is not even enough for new money, not to mention the overall cost of liabilities.
And for net interest margin, I do believe if there's a chance for the benchmark interest
rate to be hiked in Taiwan, there is a likelihood that we will benefit from that. However,
personally, just personally, I don't think a chance for me to see the central bank to
hike the rate will be very, very high in the recent period. There is a chance, and we're
looking forward to it, but just personally, I don't think it will happen very fast.
And for the Fed, or for the U.S. dollar-denominated bond yield, I am a little bit more optimistic,
particularly for the bond yield. If the bond yield climbing higher, and the bank now has
slightly below 70% of the loan-to-deposit ratio, that means we have to utilize certain amounts of
money and deploy those not only for loans but also in the capital markets. So if the new money
and the reinvestment can enjoy a higher bond yield, that helps. That helps the NIM a bit.
And that is also why in the Chinese session, the bank's president, the bank's CEO, Mr. Xie,
talked to the market and saying that there's a chance that we can stabilize the NIM in the
following quarters. I believe what he mentioned, what he's more optimistic about is to the loan
growth and also the investment yield, not the domestic yield height. Thank you.
Yeah, great. Thank you, Spencer. One follow-up question is regarding, you mentioned that
you're quite positive on the bond yields, especially those in the U.S. will reach a
higher level for next year. So what kind of level are you guys expecting? And if the 10-year or 30-year
bond yield really did go into a higher level, should that benefit our pre-hedge or after-hedge
recurring yield for Xingkong Lite in next year? So do we expect a better recurring yield in 2022
compared to this year? Thank you, Kate. We are more keen to see the time structure to be steepening
or to raise in the longer hand of time structure. Saying 30 years U.S. dollar treasury, now still
below 2%, we think there's a chance for the 30-year bond yield treasury, of course, to be higher than
2% or maybe to 2.2%. And what will be the impact? I cannot give you a very, very detailed number,
I can share with the logic here. Reinvestment and new investments for us,
retired about one-tenth of the bond portfolio every year, about one-tenth. So if there is a
20 basis point yield pickup, and in average, because that 20 basis point may not happen for
the whole year, or maybe if we make it, if we overly simplify it, saying that the overall yield
is 20 basis point higher than the overall yield this year, 2021, then we can enjoy probably two
to three basis point for our current bond portfolio. Two, three basis point, well,
that means a lot to recurring. I think still means one to two basis point higher.
And in this year, in 2021, you see that it's still in the declining trend. Our overall before hedging
yield is still in the declining trend. Just as I mentioned before, the decline compared to the
year before, 2021 to over 2020, it shrank significantly, cut in half. And for 2022,
I believe the chance for us to have a more stable number, maybe still decline a bit,
but not as much. And if the yield pickup enough, saying much more than what I guided,
20 basis point, there's a chance for us to level it.
Should we be very optimistic? I wouldn't suggest so, though. But for the after hedge recurring
yield, I have confidence, I have more confidence, because even in 2021, when we see the before
hedging yield is declining, our after hedge recurring yield is already eight basis point
higher than the year before. The next year, I cannot be too optimistic about the further
declining hedging cost. I think it will be stable, but there's a chance for the yield to pick up.
Right. So after hedge, I think I am rather confident compared to the before hedge one.
Got it. Got it. Yeah. Thank you very much, Stan. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Thank you, Kate, for the questions.
Thank you. And as a reminder, please press 01 on your keypad if you would like to ask a question.
Thank you. And next, we'll have Frank Fong of Daiwa Capital Markets for questions. Go ahead,
please. Good afternoon, management team. I have three questions here, mostly on
Shen Gong Life. The first one is on the cost of liabilities. I understand that for the past few
years, you've guided for a five to 10 pips decrease year by year. Do we foresee that trend
to continue in 2022 or even down to 2023? That's the first one on the cost of liabilities.
And the second one is I know that is still in the budget season, but I'm asking is that if you have
seen any trend on your recurring yield for next year, especially when rate hike is going to happen
for the next maybe 12 to 18 months. And on the third one is regarding hedging cost. I've noticed
that the hedging cost this year compared to peers is a little bit higher. Have you considered
shifting some of your NDF positions maybe to currency swap? And as you may have known that
the currency swap is actually relatively cheaper than NDF as of end of this month or maybe today.
Those are my three questions. Thank you. Thank you, Frank, for the questions. I would like to
have Chief Actuary to answer your first question. Yes, I think this year cost of liabilities has
been down about six basis points so far to quarter three. So I think five to 10 basis points
is right for this year, maybe close to about nine basis points at the end of the year.
I think next year we'll still go down a similar product strategy to accumulate our CSM. And
of course, depending on the market, but I think five to 10 basis points can still continue.
Frank, do we answer your question for the first one? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Very good. Thank you, Frank.
Let me answer your second question on the recurring yield. I think Kate and I have
quite comprehensive discussion for the last few minutes. Let me try to have some conclusions.
And first of all, I say that I'm more confident in the after hedging yield. After hedging
recurring yield, to me, I think it will further improve. That's what I'm thinking. It will further
improve, mainly driven by not as this year the hedging, but driven by a relatively more stable
before hedging yield and also continuously slightly improved hedging cost. That's what
I'm thinking. As for before hedging, I would rather be relatively more conservative because
the overall bond here still provides support for the overall profitability. Although we are selling
much less than before, we have to somehow dispose some higher yield bonds that we had before.
And those bonds somehow, if we dispose it, they put on some pressures on us. And the new bonds,
the new money yield, even if in US are long-dated bonds, of course, those have quite a risk,
can give us only 3.3%, 3.4%. So it's lower than the older bonds that we are holding.
So I see there's still a likelihood that before hedging yield will go down a bit.
But again, it really depends on the market. As I mentioned in the Chinese session,
inflation is a good friend. It's a dear friend of insurance companies. Because without inflation,
we cannot see any stippling, any parallel move of the term structure. And that will be a true
issue, a real problem for insurance companies. We need health inflation. We need a healthy
term structure, a good slope of the term structure. Then we can operate the company more
comfortably, more consistently. And that's what I'm saying. And so overall, I've seen
rather optimistic results, expectations for next year's after hedge recurring yield,
and I'm rather conservative. But again, it will be more benign compared to 2021
in the decline of the before hedging recurring yield. And third question is on hedging. Yes,
in theory, in our minds, we would love to be free to transfer the NDFs to CS now,
because CS nowadays costs us less than 50 basis points for the six-month period of contract.
We annualize the cost, still lower than 50 basis points. But for NDFs, although it's much, much
cheaper than before, it still costs us more than 2%. And so you can see almost 10 times of
differentials in the cost. We would love to move it. But there's a reason. There must be a reason
why not everybody's trying to unwind the NDFs and redeploy into the CS is because that instrument
is still highly regulated. Although the hedging itself is not going to affect the Taiwanese
local spot rate, but if the swap bank, they want to hedge themselves, somehow still has an impact
on the local spot rate. And that is why central bank has to control such a trade. And if there's
any new money, nowadays we use CS to hedge. We use CS to wire the money out. But for the
original assisted portfolios, not such a feasibility. So we have to somehow make some
mitigations based on our current portfolios. First, we use proxy hedge. And secondly,
we have to manage the hedging ratios more dynamically. That's what we are doing now.
And that's also why we're delivering a $7.5 billion less of cost for hedging in 2021 so far.
Okay. Okay. Understood. Thank you. We are now in question and answer session.
Please press 01 on your telephone keypad. Thank you. And next we'll have Michael of
Cathay Securities for questions. Go ahead, please. Hi. Thank you. Thanks for the time.
I have two questions here. The first is regarding the cash payout. And I noticed that the
unrealized losses on the financial assets had been widened to about $11 billion
by the end of the third quarter. Will this affect the holding company's cash payout
for the year 2022? And another question is on the FYP. We noticed that the FYP sales
was quite sluggish year-to-date, down somewhere around 30-40% year-on-year. And we also noticed
that some of your peers are selling a lot of investment in products. So will Xinkong change
the product strategy? And also, can I know the management's view for the FYP sales in year 2022?
Thank you. Thank you, Michael. It's good to hear from you. It's been a while.
For the first question on cash payout, I think we have some discussions in Chinese section as well.
Let me reflect on that and give you a conclusion. Of course, we have more than enough in the
retained earnings. Those are undistributed earnings for before. And now the number is about
$49 billion. And yes, as you said, if there's a negative number on the unrealized losses caused
by OCI or PLO positions, we have to set aside a reserve for that, which is not a significant issue.
As I said, before providing on those unrealized losses, there was more than $49 billion, right?
So even if we take out a portion of that, it's still well above $30 billion. That shall be
enough for us to be stable to pay dividends for next year. As for what is stable, as I mentioned,
also, as you asked, you know that in the past years, not every year Xinkong was able to pay
out dividends. But since we offered the first shift, I think being able to pay out dividends
is very, very important for us. That's one thing I mentioned as stability. I think now to remain
the payout ratio to be stable is still a little bit more too luxurious for us.
So now I would rather be more realistic. Being able to pay out, being able to pay out at a
reasonable level that I really think is reasonable, acceptable, yield is rather
stable, and that is what we're looking for, what we're looking for now. And also I mentioned in
the Chinese session that our audience should be relatively confident, and we are relatively
confident that we will be able to pay out dividends for 2022. And next question is on FYP
and product strategy. I would like to have the Chief Actuary answering that.
I think our product strategy will not change a lot. As we said before, CSM is still our target.
But we'll also put a little more focus on investment products next year, as we said before.
I think next year our FYP will grow a little bit, I think, because we're now thinking about
putting more focus on the investment product. Okay, thank you. Sorry, can I have two more
follow-up questions? Okay, thanks, Dan. The first one is on the bank. I noticed that the
investment income for the bank in the third quarter is quite impressive, reached about $1 billion,
and the number is actually quite stronger than the previous two quarters, which is only like
$400 million something. And I know that your investment portfolio for the bank right now is
major in the bond or in the equity market. And also another question is regarding the
life insurance data. I saw that the company reported a tax benefit of about $1 billion
in the third quarter and about $3 billion in the second quarter. And as far as I remember,
it is mainly from the unrealized losses on the hedging position or something.
So is this going to happen again in the fourth quarter or not? Thank you.
Thank you, Michael. First question is on the bank. The bank, also similar to what I've seen
for the life insurance, although the majority of their investment portfolio is on bonds and
larger share is in anti-dollar ones. Foreign is slightly slower when we are spending the book.
But again, in the third quarter, even it's a relatively smaller position, we received dividend
cash for the local market. And that's the main driver for us to see a strong growth in the
overall investment. And some bond has been disposed, but I don't think that is
the main fluctuation because the disposal of bonds happens almost every quarter. So mainly
because we have a relatively small, but it's very concentrated in terms of dividend payouts
in the third quarter. For the tax benefit, this is a very good question, very important question,
but I have to apologize firsthand that even I cannot give you a very, very accurate
projections on whether we will happen again in the fourth quarter. I think you are definitely
right that most of the tax benefit is from the unrealized loss on the hedging strategies.
And whenever that happens, we credited ourselves with tax benefit. And when it got reverted,
then we have to mark tax expenses again. Not really that stable. Just in the recent years,
and particularly when we don't have a lot of tax expenses from the other assets we're holding,
that somehow show up in the book. After all, we have over 2 trillion NT dollars assets sitting in
US dollar mainly denominated assets. And hedging ratio is not 100%. Even if it's 100%,
we have some unrealized gain or losses fluctuated on a quarterly basis. And that's why you've seen
this fourth quarter. I think there's still likelihood, but if you see a relatively stable
spot rate, you see a relatively stable proxies versus US dollar, chance for us to have a huge
amount of unrealized gain or losses will be slightly lower, right? And hence also
a theoretically for tax benefit, number should be smaller. And if that's your theory,
that's your expectation in the fourth quarter, that will likely to be the case.
Okay. Okay. Got it. Thank you. Thank you, Michael.
Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, we are now in question and answer session.
If you would like to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad. Thank you.
If you would like to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad. Thank you.
Okay. There appears to be no further questions at this point. And Mr. Li,
can we close the conference call now? Of course, moderator. Thank you,
everybody for joining our call. And if you have any further questions, please
contact our team or myself. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Li. And ladies and gentlemen,
we thank you for your participation in Xinkong Financial Holding Company's conference call.
There will be a webcast replay within an hour. Please visit www.skfh.com.tw
under the Investor Relations section. And should you have further questions,
please don't hesitate to contact the IR team of SKFH by phone or by email.
You may now disconnect. Goodbye.
